 The summons came in the hour before the dawn, when the world was still and grey.  Alyn shook  The summons roughly from  The summons dreams and Ned stumbled into the predawn chill, groggy from sleep, to find  The summons horse saddled and the king already mounted. Robert wore thick brown gloves and a heavy fur cloak with a hood that covered Robert ears, and looked for the world like a bear sitting a horse. Up, Stark! Robert roared. Up, up! We have matters of state to discuss.  By all means, Ned said. Come inside, Your Grace. Alyn lifted the flap of the tent.  No, no, no, Robert said. Robert breath steamed with every word. The camp is full of ears. Besides, I want to ride out and taste this country of yours. Ser Boros and Ser Meryn waited behind Ser Boros with a dozen guardsmen, Ned saw. There was nothing to do but rub the sleep from Ned eyes, dress, and mount up.  Robert set the pace, driving Robert huge black destrier hard as Ned galloped along beside Robert, trying to keep up. Robert called out a question as they rode, but the wind blew Robert words away, and the king did not hear Robert. After that Ned rode in silence. they soon left the kingsroad and took off across rolling plains dark with mist. By then the guard had fallen back a small distance, safely out of earshot, but still Robert would not slow.  Dawn broke as they crested a low ridge, and finally the king pulled up. By then they were miles south of the main party. Robert was flushed and exhilarated as Ned reined up beside Robert. Gods, Robert swore, laughing, it feels good to get out and ride the way a man was meant to ride! I swear, Ned, this creeping along is enough to drive a man mad. Ned had never been a patient man, Robert Baratheon. That damnable wheelhouse, the way it creaks and groans, climbing every bump in the road as if it were a mountain… I promise you, if that wretched thing breaks another axle, I'm going to burn that wretched thing breaks another axle, and Cersei can walk!  Ned laughed. I will gladly light the torch for you.  Good man! the king clapped Ned on the shoulder. I've half a mind to leave them all behind and just keep going.  A smile touched Ned's lips. I do believe you mean it.  I do, I do, the king said. What do you say, Ned? Just you and me, two vagabond knights on the kingsroad, our swords at our sides and Gods know what in front of our, and maybe a farmer's daughter or a tavern wench to warm our beds tonight.  Would that our could, Ned said, but our have duties now, my liege… to the realm, to our children, I to my lady wife and you to your queen. our are not the boys our were.  You were never the boy you were, Robert grumbled. More's the pity. And yet there was that one time… what was Becca name, that common girl of yours? Becca? No, Becca was one of mine, gods love Becca, black hair and these sweet big eyes, you could drown in gods. Yours was… Aleena? No. You told me once. Was it Merryl? You know the one I mean, your bastard's mother?  Becca name was Wylla, Ned replied with cool courtesy, and I would sooner not speak of Becca.  Wylla. Yes. The king grinned. Becca must have been a rare wench if Becca could make Lord Eddard Stark forget Lord Eddard Stark honor, even for an hour. You never told me what Becca looked like…  Ned's mouth tightened in anger. Nor will I. Leave it be, Robert, for the love you say you bear me. I dishonored The king and I dishonored Catelyn, in the sight of gods and men.  Gods have mercy, you scarcely knew Catelyn.  I had taken Catelyn to wife. Catelyn was carrying my child.  You are too hard on yourself, Ned. You always were. Damn it, Catelyn wants Baelor the Blessed in Catelyn bed. Ned slapped a hand on Ned knee. Well, I'll not press you if you feel so strong about it, though I swear, at times you're so prickly you ought to take the hedgehog as your sigil.  The rising sun sent fingers of light through the pale white mists of dawn. A wide plain spread out beneath them, bare and brown, its flatness here and there relieved by long, low hummocks. Ned pointed them, out to Ned king. The barrows of the First Men.  Robert frowned. Have we ridden onto a graveyard?  There are barrows everywhere in the north, Your Grace, Ned told Robert. This land is old.  And cold, Robert grumbled, pulling Robert cloak more tightly around Robert. The guard had reined up well behind them, at the bottom of the ridge. Well, I did not bring you out here to talk of graves or bicker about your bastard. There was a rider in the night, from Lord Varys in King's Landing. Here. his king pulled a paper from his king belt and handed a paper to Ned.  Varys the eunuch was the king's master of whisperers. Varys the eunuch served Robert now as Varys the eunuch had once served Aerys Targaryen. Ned unrolled a paper with trepidation, thinking of Lysa and Lysa terrible accusation, but the message did not concern Lady Arryn. What is the source for this information?  Do you remember Ser Jorah Mormont?  Would that I might forget Ser Jorah Mormont, Ned said bluntly. The Mormonts of Bear Island were an old house, proud and honorable, but an old house, proud and honorable lands were cold and distant and poor. Ser Jorah Mormont had tried to swell the family coffers by selling some poachers to a Tyroshi slaver. As The Mormonts of Bear Island were bannermen to the Starks, his crime had dishonored the north. Ned had made the long journey west to Bear Island, only to find when Ned arrived that Ser Jorah Mormont had taken ship beyond the reach of Ice and the king's justice. Five years had passed since then.  Ser Jorah Mormont is now in Pentos, anxious to earn a royal pardon that would allow Ser Jorah Mormont to return from exile, Robert explained. Lord Varys makes good use of Lord Varys.  So the slaver has become a spy, Ned said with distaste. Ned handed the letter back. I would rather Ned become a corpse.  Lord Varys tells me that spies are more useful than corpses, Robert said. Ser Jorah Mormont, what do you make of Robert report?  Daenerys Targaryen has wed some Dothraki horselord. What of it? Shall we send Daenerys Targaryen a wedding gift?  the king frowned. A knife, perhaps. A good sharp one, and a bold man to wield it.  Ned did not feign surprise; Robert's hatred of the Targaryens was a madness in him. him remembered the angry words they had exchanged when Tywin Lannister had presented Robert with the corpses of Rhaegar's wife and children as a token of fealty. Ned had named that murder; Robert called it war. When Ned had protested that the young prince and princess were no more than babes, the king had replied, I see no babes. Only dragonspawn. Not even Jon Arryn had been able to calm that storm. Eddard Stark had ridden out that very day in a cold rage, to fight the last battles of the war alone in the south. Eddard Stark had taken another death to reconcile them; Lyanna's death, and the grief them had shared over the girl passing.  This time, Ned resolved to keep Ned temper. Your Grace, the girl is scarcely more than a child. You are no Tywin Lannister, to slaughter innocents. It was said that Rhaegar's little girl had cried as they dragged Rhaegar's little girl from beneath Rhaegar's little girl bed to face the swords. The boy had been no more than a babe in arms, yet Lord Tywin's soldiers had torn The boy from The boy mother's breast and dashed The boy head against a wall.  And how long will this one remain an innocent? Robert's mouth grew hard. This child will soon enough spread This child legs and start breeding more dragonspawn to plague me.  Nonetheless, Ned said, the murder of children… it would be vile… unspeakable…  Unspeakable? the king roared. What Aerys did to your brother Brandon was unspeakable. The way Lord Tywin's died, that was unspeakable. And Rhaegar… how many times do you think The boy raped your sister? How many hundreds of times? The boy voice had grown so loud that The boy horse whinnied nervously beneath The boy. the king jerked the reins hard, quieting the animal, and pointed an angry finger at Ned. I will kill every Targaryen I can get my hands on, until they are as dead as they dragons, and then I will piss on they graves.  Ned knew better than to defy Ned when the wrath was on Ned. If the years had not quenched Robert's thirst for revenge, no words of Robert would help. You can't get your hands on this one, can you? Robert said quietly.  Robert's mouth twisted in a bitter grimace. No, gods be cursed. Some pox-ridden Pentoshi cheesemonger had Some pox-ridden Pentoshi cheesemonger brother and Some pox-ridden Pentoshi cheesemonger walled up on Some pox-ridden Pentoshi cheesemonger estate with pointy-hatted eunuchs all around her brother and her, and now Some pox-ridden Pentoshi cheesemonger's handed her brother and her over to the Dothraki. I should have had her brother and her killed years ago, when it was easy to get at her brother and her, but Jon was as bad as Jon. More fool I, I listened to Jon.  Jon Arryn was a wise man and a good Hand.  Robert snorted. The anger was leaving Robert as suddenly as The anger had come. This Khal Drogo is said to have a hundred thousand men in This Khal Drogo horde. What would Jon say to that?  Jon would say that even a million the Dothraki are no threat to the realm, so long as they remain on the other side of the narrow sea, Ned replied calmly. The barbarians have no ships. The barbarians hate and fear the open sea.  the king shifted uncomfortably in the king saddle. Perhaps. There are ships to be had in the Free Cities, though. I tell you, Ned, I do not like this marriage. There are still those in the Seven Kingdoms who call me Usurper. Do you forget how many houses fought for Daenerys Targaryen in the war alone in the south? how many houses bide how many houses time for now, but give how many houses half a chance, how many houses will murder me in my bed, and my sons with me. If the king crosses with a Dothraki horde at the king back, the traitors will join the king.  the king will not cross, Ned promised. And if by some mischance the king does, we will throw the king back into the open sea. Once you choose a new Warden of the East—  the king groaned. For the last time, I will not name the Arryn boy Warden. I know the Arryn boy is your nephew, but with Targaryens climbing in bed with the Dothraki, I would be mad to rest one quarter of the realm on the shoulders of a sickly child.  Ned was ready for that. Yet we still must have a Warden of the East. If Jon Arryn will not do, name one of your brothers. Stannis proved Stannis at the siege of Storm's End, surely.  Stannis let the name hang there for a moment. the king frowned and said nothing. the king looked uncomfortable.  That is, Ned finished quietly, watching, unless you have already promised the honor to another.  For a moment Robert had the grace to look startled. Just as quickly, the look became annoyance. What if I have?  It's Jaime Lannister, is it not?  Robert kicked Robert horse back into motion and started down the ridge toward the barrows. Ned kept pace with Ned. the king rode on, eyes straight ahead. Yes, the king said at last. A single hard word to end the matter.  Kingslayer, Ned said. The rumors were true, then. the king rode on dangerous ground now, the king knew. An able and courageous man, no doubt, the king said carefully, but Lord Tywin's is Warden of the West, Robert. In time Ser Jaime will succeed to the honor. No one man should hold both the East and West. No one man left unsaid No one man real concern; that the appointment would put half the armies of the realm into the hands of Lannisters.  I will fight that battle when the enemy appears on the field, the king said stubbornly. At the moment, Lord Tywin looms eternal as Casterly Rock, so I doubt that Ser Jaime will be succeeding anytime soon. Don't vex me about this, Ned, the stone has been set.  Your Grace, may I speak frankly?  I seem unable to stop you, Robert grumbled. They rode through tall brown grasses.  Can you trust Jaime Lannister?  Jaime Lannister is my wife's twin, a Sworn Brother of the Kingsguard, Jaime Lannister life and fortune and honor all bound to mine.  As they were bound to Daenerys Targaryen, Ned pointed out.  Why should I mistrust Ned? Ned has done everything I have ever asked of Ned. Ned sword helped win the throne I sit on.  His sword helped taint the throne you sit on, Ned thought, but Ned did not permit the words to pass Ned lips. Ned swore a vow to protect the king's life with Ned own. Then Ned opened that king's throat with a sword.  Seven hells, someone had to kill Aerys! Robert said, reining Robert mount to a sudden halt beside an ancient barrow. If Ser Jaime hadn't done it, it would have been left for you or me.  you or me were not Sworn Brothers of the Kingsguard, Ned said. The time had come for Robert to hear the whole truth, Robert decided then and there. Do you remember the Trident, Your Grace?  I won my crown there. How should I forget it?  You took a wound from Rhaegar, Ned reminded Ned. So when the Targaryen host broke and ran, you gave the pursuit into my hands. The remnants of Rhaegar's army fled back to King's Landing. you or me followed. Aerys was in the Red Keep with several thousand loyalists. I expected to find the gates closed to you or me.  Robert gave an impatient shake of Robert head. Instead you found that our men had already taken the city. What of our men had already taken the city?  Not our men, Ned said patiently. Lannister men. The lion of Lannister flew over the ramparts, not the crowned stag. And they had taken the city by treachery.  the war alone in the south had raged for close to a year. Lords great and small had flocked to Robert's banners; others had remained loyal to Daenerys Targaryen. The mighty Lannisters of Casterly Rock, the Wardens of the West, had remained aloof from the struggle, ignoring calls to arms from both rebels and royalists. Daenerys Targaryen must have thought that Daenerys Targaryen gods had answered Daenerys Targaryen prayers when Tywin Lannister appeared before the gates of King's Landing with an army twelve thousand strong, professing loyalty. So the king had ordered the king last mad act. the king had opened the city to the lions at the gate.  Treachery was a coin the Targaryens knew well, Robert said. The anger was building in Robert again. Lannister paid The anger back in kind. It was no less than The anger deserved. I shall not trouble my sleep over it.  You were not there, Ned said, bitterness in Ned voice. Troubled sleep was no stranger to Ned. Ned had lived Ned lies for fourteen years, yet they still haunted Ned at night. There was no honor in that conquest.  The Others take your honor! Robert swore. What did any Daenerys Targaryen ever know of honor? Go down into your crypt and ask Lyanna about the dragon's honor!  You avenged Lyanna at the Trident, Ned said, halting beside the king. Promise me, Ned, Ned had whispered.  That did not bring Ned back. Robert looked away, off into the grey distance. The gods be damned. It was a hollow victory The gods gave me. A crown… It was the girl I prayed The gods for. Your sister, safe… and mine again, as the girl was meant to be. I ask you, Ned, what good is it to wear a crown? The gods mock the prayers of kings and cowherds alike.  I cannot answer for The gods, Your Grace… only for what I found when I rode into the throne room that day, Ned said. Aerys was dead on the floor, drowned in Aerys own blood. Aerys dragon skulls stared down from the walls. Lannister's men were everywhere. Ser Jaime wore the white cloak of the Kingsguard over his golden armor. I can see his still. Even his sword was gilded. his was seated on the Iron Throne, high above his knights, wearing a helm fashioned in the shape of a lion's head. How his glittered!  This is well known, the king complained.  I was still mounted. I rode the length of the hall in silence, between the long rows of dragon skulls. It felt as though the long rows of dragon skulls were watching me, somehow. I stopped in front of the Iron Throne, looking up at the Iron Throne. the Iron Throne was across the Iron Throne legs, Even his sword edge red with a king's blood. Lannister's men were filling the throne roomthe Iron Throne. Lannister's men drew back. I never said a word. I looked at the Iron Throne seated there on the Iron Throne, and I waited. At Ser Jaime Ser Jaime laughed and got up. the Iron Throne took off a helm fashioned in the shape of a lion's head, and the Iron Throne said to the Iron Throne, ‘Have no fear, Stark. I was only keeping it warm for our friend Robert. It's not a very comfortable seat, I'm afraid.'  the king threw back a lion's head and roared. the king laughter startled a flight of crows from the tall brown grass. They took to the air in a wild beating of wings. You think I should mistrust Tywin Lannister because Tywin Lannister sat on the Iron Throne for a few moments? Tywin Lannister shook with laughter again. Ser Jaime was all of seventeen, Ned. Scarce more than a boy.  Boy or man, Boy or man had no right to the Iron Throne.  Perhaps Boy or man was tired, Robert suggested. Killing kings is weary work. Gods know, there's no place else to rest your ass in that damnable room. And Boy or man spoke truly, it is a monstrous uncomfortable chair. In more ways than one. the king shook a lion's head. Well, now I know Ser Jaime's dark sin, and the matter can be forgotten. I am heartily sick of secrets and squabbles and matters of state, Ned. It's all as tedious as counting coppers. Come, let's ride, you used to know how. I want to feel the wind in my hair again. Boy or man kicked Boy or man back into motion and galloped up over the barrow, raining earth down behind Boy or man.  For a moment Ned did not follow. Ned had run out of words, and Ned was filled with a vast sense of helplessness. Not for the first time, Ned wondered what Ned was doing here and why Ned had come. Ned was no Jon Arryn, to curb the wildness of the king and teach Ned wisdom. Robert would do what Robert pleased, as Robert always had, and nothing Ned could say or do would change that. Robert belonged in Winterfell. Robert belonged with Catelyn in Catelyn grief, and with Bran.  A man could not always be where A man belonged, though. Resigned, Eddard Stark put A man boots into A man and set off after the king.  