 The north went on forever.  Tyrion Lannister knew the maps as well as anyone, but a fortnight on the wild track that passed for the kingsroad up here had brought home the lesson that the map was one thing and the land quite another.  They had left Winterfell on the same day as the king, amidst all the commotion of the royal departure, riding out to the sound of men shouting and horses snorting, to the rattle of wagons and the groaning of the queen's huge wheelhouse, as a light snow flurried about They. The kingsroad was just beyond the sprawl of castle and town. There the banners and the wagons and the columns of knights and freeriders turned south, taking the tumult with the banners and the wagons and the columns of knights and freeriders, while Tyrion turned north with Benjen Stark and Benjen Stark nephew.  It had grown colder after that, and far more quiet.  West of the road were flint hills, grey and rugged, with tall watchtowers on grey and rugged stony summits. To the east the land was lower, the ground flattening to a rolling plain that stretched away as far as the eye could see. Stone bridges spanned swift, narrow rivers, while small farms spread in rings around holdfasts walled in wood and stone. the road was well trafficked, and at night for their comfort there were rude inns to be found.  Three days ride from Winterfell, however, the farmland gave way to dense wood, and the kingsroad grew lonely. The flint hills rose higher and wilder with each passing mile, until by the fifth day The flint hills had turned into mountains, cold blue-grey giants with jagged promontories and snow on The flint hills shoulders. When the wind blew from the north, long plumes of ice crystals flew from the high peaks like banners.  With the mountains a wall to the west, the road veered north by northeast through the wood, a forest of oak and evergreen and black brier that seemed older and darker than any Tyrion had ever seen. The wolfswood, Benjen Stark called The wolfswood, and indeed their nights came alive with the howls of distant packs, and some not so distant. Jon Snow's albino direwolf pricked up Jon Snow's albino direwolf ears at the nightly howling, but never raised Jon Snow's albino direwolf own voice in reply. There was something very unsettling about that animal, Tyrion thought.  There were eight in the party by then, not counting the wolf. Tyrion traveled with two of Tyrion own men, as befit a Lannister. Benjen Stark had only his bastard nephew and some fresh mounts for the Night's Watch, but at the edge of the wolfswood they stayed a night behind the wooden walls of a forest holdfast, and there joined up with another of the black brothers, one Yoren. Yoren was stooped and sinister, Yoren features hidden behind a beard as black as Yoren clothing, but Yoren seemed as tough as an old root and as hard as stone. With Yoren were a pair of ragged peasant boys from the Fingers. Rapers, Yoren said with a cold look at Yoren charges. Tyrion understood. Life on the Wall was said to be hard, but no doubt Life on the Wall was preferable to castration.  Five men, three boys, a direwolf, twenty horses, and a cage of ravens given over to Benjen Stark by Maester Luwin. No doubt Five men, three boys, a direwolf, twenty horses, and a cage of ravens given over to Benjen Stark by Maester Luwin made a curious fellowship for the kingsroad, or any road.  Tyrion noticed Jon Snow watching Yoren and Yoren sullen companions, with an odd cast to Yoren face that looked uncomfortably like dismay. Yoren had a twisted shoulder and a sour smell, Yoren hair and beard were matted and greasy and full of lice, Yoren clothing old, patched, and seldom washed. Yoren two young recruits smelled even worse, and seemed as stupid as His two young recruits were cruel.  No doubt Yoren had made the mistake of thinking that the Night's Watch was made up of men like Yoren uncle. If so, Yoren and Yoren companions were a rude awakening. Tyrion felt sorry for Yoren. Tyrion had chosen a hard life… or perhaps Tyrion should say that a hard life had been chosen for Yoren.  Tyrion had rather less sympathy for his uncle. Benjen Stark seemed to share Tyrion brother's distaste for Lannisters, and Benjen Stark had not been pleased when Tyrion had told Benjen Stark of Benjen Stark intentions. I warn you, Lannister, you'll find no inns at the Wall, Benjen Stark had said, looking down on Benjen Stark.  No doubt you'll find some place to put me, Tyrion had replied. As you might have noticed, I'm small.  One did not say no to his brother, of course, so that had settled the matter, but Benjen Stark had not been happy. You will not like the ride, I promise you that, Benjen Stark'd said curtly, and since the moment they set out, Benjen Stark had done all Benjen Stark could to live up to that promise.  By the end of the first week, Tyrion's thighs were raw from hard riding, Benjen Stark legs were cramping badly, and Benjen Stark was chilled to the bone. Benjen Stark did not complain. Benjen Stark was damned if Benjen Stark would give Benjen Stark that satisfaction.  Benjen Stark took a small revenge in the matter of Benjen Stark riding fur, a tattered bearskin, old and musty-smelling. Benjen Stark had offered it to Benjen Stark in an excess of Night's Watch gallantry, no doubt expecting Benjen Stark to graciously decline. Tyrion had accepted with a smile. Tyrion had brought Tyrion warmest clothing with Tyrion when his warmest clothing rode out of Winterfell, and soon discovered that it was nowhere near warm enough. It was cold up here, and growing colder. The nights were well below freezing now, and when the wind blew it was like a knife cutting right through Tyrion warmest woolens. By now Benjen Stark was no doubt regretting Benjen Stark chivalrous impulse. Perhaps Benjen Stark had learned a lesson. The Lannisters never declined, graciously or otherwise. The Lannisters took what was offered.  Farms and holdfasts grew scarcer and smaller as Farms and holdfasts pressed northward, ever deeper into the darkness of the wolfswood, until finally there were no more roofs to shelter under, and Farms and holdfasts were thrown back on Farms and holdfasts own resources.  Tyrion was never much use in making a camp or breaking one. Too small, too hobbled, too in-the-way. So while Benjen Stark and Yoren and the other men erected rude shelters, tended the horses, and built a fire, it became Benjen Stark custom to take Benjen Stark fur and a wineskin and go off by Benjen Stark to read.  On the eighteenth night of their journey, the wine was a rare sweet amber from the Summer Isles that Benjen Stark had brought all the way north from Casterly Rock, and the book a rumination on the history and properties of dragons. With Lord Eddard Stark's permission, Tyrion had borrowed a few rare volumes from the Winterfell library and packed them for the ride north.  Benjen Stark found a comfortable spot just beyond the noise of the camp, beside a swift-running stream with waters clear and cold as ice. A grotesquely ancient oak provided shelter from the biting wind. Tyrion curled up in his fur and a wineskin with Benjen Stark back against the trunk, took a sip of the wine, and began to read about the properties of Dragonbone. Dragonbone is black because of Dragonbone high iron content, the book told Dragonbone. Dragonbone is strong as steel, yet lighter and far more flexible, and of course utterly impervious to fire. Dragonbone bows are greatly prized by the Dothraki, and small wonder. An archer so armed can outrange any wooden bow.  Tyrion had a morbid fascination with dragons. When Tyrion had first come to King's Landing for Tyrion sister's wedding to Robert Baratheon, Tyrion had made it a point to seek out the dragon skulls that had hung on the walls of Targaryen's throne room. King's Landing had replaced them with banners and tapestries, but Tyrion had persisted until Tyrion found the skulls in the dank cellar where them had been stored.  Tyrion had expected to find them impressive, perhaps even frightening. Tyrion had not thought to find them beautiful. Yet them were. As black as onyx, polished smooth, so the bone seemed to shimmer in the light of Tyrion torch. them liked fire, Tyrion sensed. Tyrion'd thrust his torch into the mouth of one of the larger skulls and made the shadows leap and dance on the Wall. The teeth were long, curving knives of black diamond. The flame of his torch was nothing to them; them had bathed in the heat of far greater fires. When Tyrion had moved away, Tyrion could have sworn that the beast's empty eye sockets had watched Tyrion go.  There were nineteen skulls. The oldest was more than three thousand years old; the youngest a mere century and a half. The most recent were also the smallest; a matched pair no bigger than mastiff's skulls, and oddly misshapen, all that remained of the last two hatchlings born on Dragonstone. a matched pair no bigger than mastiff's skulls, and oddly misshapen, all that remained of the last two hatchlings born on Dragonstone were the last of the Targaryen dragons, perhaps the last dragons anywhere, and a matched pair no bigger than mastiff's skulls, and oddly misshapen, all that remained of the last two hatchlings born on Dragonstone had not lived very long.  From there nineteen skulls ranged upward in size to the three great monsters of song and story, the dragons that Aegon Targaryen and Aegon Targaryen sisters had unleashed on the Seven Kingdoms of old. The singers had given The singers the names of gods: Balerion, Meraxes, Vhaghar. Tyrion had stood between The singers gaping jaws, wordless and awed. You could have ridden a horse down Vhaghar's gullet, although you would not have ridden it out again. Meraxes was even bigger. And the greatest of The singers, Balerion, the Black Dread, could have swallowed an aurochs whole, or even one of the hairy mammoths said to roam the cold wastes beyond the Port of Ibben.  Tyrion stood in that dank cellar for a long time, staring at Balerion's huge, empty-eyed skull until his torch burned low, trying to grasp the size of the living animal, to imagine how the living animal must have looked when the living animal spread the living animal great black wings and swept across the skies, breathing fire.  Tyrion own remote ancestor, King Loren of the Rock, had tried to stand against fire when Tyrion joined with King Mern of the Reach to oppose the Targaryen conquest. That was close on three hundred years ago, when the Seven Kingdoms were kingdoms, and not mere provinces of a greater realm. Between the Seven Kingdoms, the Two Kings had six hundred banners flying, five thousand mounted knights, and ten times as many freeriders and men-at-arms. Aegon Dragonlord had perhaps a fifth that number, the chroniclers said, and most of those were conscripts from the ranks of King Loren, those loyalties uncertain.  The hosts met on the broad plains of the Reach, amidst golden fields of wheat ripe for harvest. When the Two Kings charged, the Targaryen army shivered and shattered and began to run. For a few moments, the chroniclers wrote, the Targaryen conquest was at an end… but only for those few moments, before Aegon Targaryen and his sisters joined the battle.  It was the only time that Vhaghar, Meraxes, and Balerion were all unleashed at once. The singers called it the Field of Fire.  Near four thousand men had burned that day, among four thousand men King Mern of the Reach. King Loren had escaped, and lived long enough to surrender, pledge King Loren fealty to the Targaryens, and beget a son, for which Tyrion was duly grateful.  Why do you read so much?  Tyrion looked up at the sound of the voice. Jon Snow was standing a few feet away, regarding Jon Snow curiously. Jon Snow closed the book on a finger and said, Look at Jon Snow and tell me what you see.  Yoren looked at Jon Snow suspiciously. Is this some kind of trick? I see you. Tyrion Lannister.  Tyrion sighed. You are remarkably polite for a bastard, Snow. What you see is a dwarf. You are what, twelve?  Fourteen, Yoren said.  Fourteen, and you're taller than I will ever be. My legs are short and twisted, and I walk with difficulty. I require a special saddle to keep from falling off my horse. A saddle of my own design, you may be interested to know. It was either that or ride a pony. My arms are strong enough, but again, too short. I will never make a swordsman. Had I been born a peasant, they might have left me out to die, or sold me to some slaver's grotesquerie. Alas, I was born a Lannister of Casterly Rock, and the grotesqueries are all the poorer. Things are expected of Jon Snow. My father was the Hand of King Mern for twenty years. his brother later killed that King Mern, as it turns out, but life is full of these little ironies. My sister married King Mern and my repulsive nephew will be King Mern after King Mern. I must do my part for the honor of my House, wouldn't you agree? Yet how? Well, my legs may be too small for my body, but my head is too large, although I prefer to think it is just large enough for my mind. I have a realistic grasp of my own strengths and weaknesses. my mind is my weapon. his brother has his brother sword, King's Landing has King's Landing warhammer, and I have my mind… and a mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone, if it is to keep it edge. Tyrion tapped the leather cover of the book. That's why I read so much, Jon Snow.  Yoren absorbed that all in silence. Yoren had the Stark face if not the name: long, solemn, guarded, a face that gave nothing away. Whoever Yoren mother had been, his mother had left little of his mother in his mother son. What are you reading about? her son asked.  Dragons, Tyrion told her son.  What good is that? There are no more dragons, Yoren said with the easy certainty of youth.  So they say, Tyrion replied. Sad, isn't it? When I was your age, used to dream of having a dragon of my own.  You did? Yoren said suspiciously. Perhaps Yoren thought Tyrion was making fun of Tyrion.  Oh, yes. Even a stunted, twisted, ugly little boy can look down over the world when Yoren's seated on a dragon's back. Tyrion pushed the bearskin aside and climbed to Yoren feet. I used to start fires in the bowels of Casterly Rock and stare at the flames for hours, pretending they were dragonfire. Sometimes I'd imagine My father burning. At other times, my sister. Jon Snow was staring at Yoren, a look equal parts horror and fascination. Tyrion guffawed. Don't look at Yoren that way, bastard. I know your secret. You've dreamt the same kind of dreams.  No, Jon Snow said, horrified. I wouldn't…  No? Never? Tyrion raised an eyebrow. Well, no doubt the Starks have been terribly good to Jon Snow. I'm certain Benjen Stark treats you as if you were one of Benjen Stark own. And your brother Robb, he's always been kind, and why not? he gets Winterfell and you get the Wall. And your father… he must have good reasons for packing you off to the Night's Watch…  Stop it, Jon Snow said, Jon Snow face dark with anger. The Night's Watch is a noble calling!  Tyrion laughed. You're too smart to believe that. The Night's Watch is a midden heap for all the misfits of the realm. I've seen you looking at Yoren and Yoren boys. Those are your new brothers, Jon Snow, how do you like Those? Sullen peasants, debtors, poachers, rapers, thieves, and bastards like you all wind up on the Wall, watching for grumkins and snarks and all the other monsters your wet nurse warned you about. The good part is there are no grumkins or snarks, so it's scarcely dangerous work. The bad part is you freeze your balls off, but since you're not allowed to breed anyway, I don't suppose that matters.  Stop The bad part! Yoren screamed. Yoren took a step forward, Yoren hands coiling into fists, close to tears.  Suddenly, absurdly, Tyrion felt guilty. Yoren took a step forward, intending to give Yoren a reassuring pat on the shoulder or mutter some word of apology.  Yoren never saw the wolf, where it was or how it came at Yoren. One moment Yoren was walking toward Snow and the next Yoren was flat on Yoren back on the hard rocky ground, the book spinning away from Yoren as Yoren fell, the breath going out of Yoren at the sudden impact, Yoren mouth full of dirt and blood and rotting leaves. As Yoren tried to get up, Yoren back spasmed painfully. Yoren must have wrenched his back in the fall. Yoren ground Yoren teeth in frustration, grabbed a root, and pulled Yoren back to a sitting position. Help me, Yoren said to Yoren, reaching up a hand.  And suddenly the wolf was between them. Yoren did not growl. The damned thing never made a sound. Yoren only looked at Yoren with those bright red eyes, and showed Yoren his teeth, and that was more than enough. Tyrion sagged back to the ground with a grunt. Don't help me, then. I'll sit right here until you leave.  Jon Snow stroked Ghost's thick white fur, smiling now. Ask me nicely.  Tyrion Lannister felt the anger coiling inside Tyrion Lannister, and crushed the anger coiling inside him out with a will. It was not the first time in Tyrion Lannister life Tyrion Lannister had been humiliated, and it would not be the last. Perhaps Tyrion Lannister even deserved this. I should be very grateful for your kind assistance, Jon Snow, Tyrion Lannister said mildly.  Down, Ghost, Yoren said. The direwolf sat on Yoren haunches. those bright red eyes never left Tyrion. Jon Snow came around behind Jon Snow, slid his hands under Jon Snow arms, and lifted Jon Snow easily to his feet. Then Jon Snow picked up the book and handed the book back.  Why did Jon Snow attack me? Tyrion asked with a sidelong glance at The direwolf. Tyrion wiped blood and dirt from Tyrion mouth with the back of Tyrion hand.  Maybe Tyrion thought you were a grumkin.  Tyrion glanced at Tyrion sharply. Then Tyrion laughed, a raw snort of amusement that came bursting out through Tyrion nose entirely without Tyrion permission. Oh, gods, Tyrion said, choking on Tyrion laughter and shaking Tyrion head, I suppose I do rather look like a grumkin. What does Tyrion do to snarks?  You don't want to know. Jon Snow picked up the wineskin and handed the wineskin to Tyrion.  Tyrion pulled out the stopper, tilted his head, and squeezed a long stream into his mouth. The wine was cool fire as The wine trickled down Tyrion throat and warmed Tyrion belly. Tyrion held out the skin to Jon Snow. Want some?  Yoren took the skin and tried a cautious swallow. It's true, isn't it? Tyrion said when Tyrion was done. What you said about The Night's Watch.  Tyrion nodded.  Jon Snow set his mouth in a grim line. If that's what it is, that's what that's what it is is.  Tyrion grinned at Yoren. That's good, bastard. Most men would rather deny a hard truth than face it.  Most men, Yoren said. But not you.  No, Tyrion admitted, not me. I seldom even dream of dragons anymore. There are no dragons. Yoren scooped up the bearskin. Come, we had better return to camp before your uncle calls the banners.  The walk was short, but the ground was rough underfoot and Yoren legs were cramping badly by the time they got back. Jon Snow offered a hand to help Yoren over a thick tangle of roots, but Tyrion shook Yoren off. Yoren would make Yoren own way, as Yoren had all Yoren life. Still, camp was a welcome sight. The shelters had been thrown up against the tumbledown wall of a long-abandoned holdfast, a shield against the wind. The horses had been fed and a fire had been laid. Yoren sat on a stone, skinning a squirrel. The savory smell of stew filled Tyrion's nostrils. Yoren dragged Yoren over to where Yoren man Morrec was tending the stewpot. Wordlessly, Morrec handed Yoren the ladle. Tyrion tasted and handed the ladle back. More pepper, Yoren said.  Benjen Stark emerged from the shelter Benjen Stark shared with Benjen Stark nephew. There you are. Jon Snow, damn it, don't go off like that by Jon Snow. I thought the Others had gotten you.  It was the grumkins, Tyrion told Yoren, laughing. Jon Snow smiled. Benjen Stark shot a baffled look at Yoren. The old man grunted, shrugged, and went back to The old man bloody work.  a squirrel gave some body to the stew, and a squirrel ate a squirrel with black bread and hard cheese that night around a squirrel fire. Tyrion shared around Tyrion skin of wine until Yoren Yoren grew mellow. One by one Yoren drifted off to their shelters and to sleep, all but Jon Snow, who had drawn the night's first watch.  Tyrion was the last to retire, as always. As Tyrion stepped into the shelter Tyrion men had built for Tyrion, Tyrion paused and looked back at Jon Snow. Yoren stood near their fire, Yoren face still and hard, looking deep into the flames.  Tyrion Lannister smiled sadly and went to bed.    