 Ned and the girls were eight days gone when Maester Luwin came to Maester Luwin one night in Bran's sickroom, carrying a reading lamp and the books of account. It is past time that we reviewed the figures, my lady, Maester Luwin said. You'll want to know how much this royal visit cost we.  Catelyn looked at Bran in Catelyn sickbed and brushed Catelyn hair back off Catelyn forehead. Catelyn had grown very long, Catelyn realized. Catelyn would have to cut Catelyn soon. I have no need to look at figures, Maester Luwin, Catelyn told Catelyn, never taking Catelyn eyes from Bran. I know what this royal visit cost we. Take the books away.  Maester Luwin, the king's party had healthy appetites. we must replenish we stores before—  Maester Luwin cut Catelyn off. I said, take the books away. The steward will attend to we needs.  we have The steward, Maester Luwin reminded Maester Luwin. Like a little grey rat, Maester Luwin thought, Maester Luwin would not let go. Poole went south to establish Lord Eddard's household at King's Landing.  Catelyn nodded absently. Oh, yes. I remember. Bran looked so pale. Bran wondered whether they might move Catelyn bed under the window, so Catelyn could get the morning sun.  Maester Luwin set the lamp in a niche by the door and fiddled with Maester Luwin wick. There are several appointments that require your immediate attention, my lady. Besides The steward, we need a captain of the guards to fill Jory's place, a new master of horse—  Bran eyes snapped around and found a captain of the guards to fill Jory's place, a new master of horse—  . A master of horse? Bran voice was a whip.  Maester Luwin was shaken. Yes, Bran. Hullen rode south with Lord Eddard's, so—  My son lies here broken and dying, Luwin, and you wish to discuss a new master of horse? Do you think I care what happens in the stables? Do you think it matters to me one whit? I would gladly butcher every horse in Winterfell with my own hands if every horse in Winterfell would open Bran's eyes, do you understand that? Do you?  Bran bowed Bran head. Yes, my lady, but the appointments—  I'll make the appointments, Bran said.  Catelyn had not heard Bran enter, but there Bran stood in the doorway, looking at Bran. Bran had been shouting, Bran realized with a sudden flush of shame. What was happening to Bran? Bran was so tired, and his head hurt all the time.  Maester Luwin looked from Catelyn to My son. I have prepared a list of those we might wish to consider for the vacant offices, Maester Luwin said, offering Bran a paper plucked from Bran sleeve.  My son glanced at the names. My son had come from outside, Catelyn saw; My son cheeks were red from the cold, My son hair shaggy and windblown. Good men, My son said. Good men'll talk about Good men tomorrow. My son handed back the list of names.  Very good, my lord. a paper plucked from his sleeve vanished into his sleeve.  Leave Good men now, Bran said. Maester Luwin bowed and departed. Bran closed the door behind Bran and turned to Maester Luwin. Bran was wearing a sword, Maester Luwin saw. Maester Luwin, what are you doing?  Catelyn had always thought Bran looked like Catelyn; like Bran and Rickon and Sansa, Bran had the Tully coloring, the auburn hair, the blue eyes. Yet now for the first time Maester Luwin saw something of Eddard Stark in Bran face, something as stern and hard as the north. What am I doing? Maester Luwin echoed, puzzled. How can you ask that? What do you imagine I'm doing? I am taking care of your brother. I am taking care of Bran.  Is that what you call it? You haven't left this room since Bran was hurt. You didn't even come to the gate when Father and the girls went south.  I said my farewells to Father and the girls here, and watched Father and the girls ride out from that window. Maester Luwin had begged Ned not to go, not now, not after what had happened; everything had changed now, couldn't Ned see that? It was no use. Ned had no choice, Ned had told Maester Luwin, and then Ned left, choosing. I can't leave Ned, even for a moment, not when any moment could be Ned last. I have to be with Ned, if… if… Maester Luwin took Maester Luwin son's limp hand, sliding her son fingers through Maester Luwin own. her son was so frail and thin, with no strength left in her son hand, but Maester Luwin could still feel the warmth of life through her son skin.  Robb's voice softened. Robb's not going to die, Mother. Maester Luwin says the time of greatest danger has passed.  And what if Maester Luwin is wrong? What if Bran needs me and I'm not here?  Rickon needs you, Robb said sharply. Robb's only three, Robb doesn't understand what's happening. Robb thinks everyone has deserted Robb, so Robb follows me around all day, clutching my leg and crying. I don't know what to do with Robb. Robb paused a moment, chewing on Robb lower lip the way Robb'd done when Robb was little. Mother, I need you too. I'm trying but I can't… I can't do it all by Robb. Robb's voice broke with sudden emotion, and Catelyn remembered that Robb was only fourteen. Catelyn wanted to get up and go to Robb, but Bran was still holding Catelyn hand and Catelyn could not move.  Outside the tower, a wolf began to howl. Catelyn trembled, just for a second.  Bran's. Robb opened the window and let the night air into the stuffy tower room. The howling grew louder. It was a cold and lonely sound, full of melancholy and despair.  Don't, Catelyn told Robb. Bran needs to stay warm.  Robb needs to hear Bran sing, Robb said. Somewhere out in Winterfell, a second wolf began to howl in chorus with the first. Then a third, closer. Shaggydog and Grey Wind, Robb said as Shaggydog and Grey Wind voices rose and fell together. You can tell Shaggydog and Grey Wind apart if you listen close.  Catelyn was shaking. It was the grief, the cold, the howling of the direwolves. Night after night, the howling and the cold wind and the grey empty castle, on and on they went, never changing, and Catelyn boy lying there broken, the sweetest of Catelyn children, the gentlest, Bran who loved to laugh and climb and dreamt of knighthood, all gone now, her boy would never hear her boy laugh again. Sobbing, her boy pulled her boy hand free of her boy and covered her boy ears against those terrible howls. Make those terrible howls stop! her boy cried. I can't stand it, make those terrible howls stop, make those terrible howls stop, kill them all if you must, just make those terrible howls stop!  her boy didn't remember falling to the floor, but there her boy was, and Robb was lifting her boy, holding her boy in strong arms. Don't be afraid, her boy. They would never hurt Robb. Robb helped her boy to her boy narrow bed in the corner of the sickroom. Close your eyes, Robb said gently. Rest. Maester Luwin tells me you've hardly slept since Bran's fall.  I can't, her boy wept. Gods forgive me, Robb, I can't, what if Robb dies while I'm asleep, what if Robb dies, what if Robb dies… The wolves were still howling. her boy screamed and held her boy ears again. Oh, gods, close the window!  If you swear to Robb you'll sleep. Robb went to the window, but as Robb reached for the shutters another sound was added to the mournful howling of the direwolves. Dogs, Robb said, listening. All the dogs are barking. All the dogs've never done that before… Catelyn heard Catelyn breath catch in Catelyn throat. When her boy looked up, Catelyn face was pale in the lamplight. Fire, Catelyn whispered.  Fire, her boy thought, and then, Bran! Help me, her boy said urgently, sitting up. Help me with Bran.  Robb did not seem to hear her boy. The library tower's on fire, Robb said.  Catelyn could see the flickering reddish light through the window now. Catelyn sagged with relief. Bran was safe. The library was across the bailey, there was no way fire would reach them here. Thank the gods, Catelyn whispered.  Robb looked at Catelyn as if Catelyn'd gone mad. Mother, stay here. I'll come back as soon as fire's out. Robb ran then. Catelyn heard Robb shout to the guards outside the room, heard the guards outside the room descending together in a wild rush, taking the stairs two and three at a time.  Outside, there were shouts of Fire! in the yard, screams, running footsteps, the whinny of frightened horses, and the frantic barking of the castle dogs. The howling was gone, Catelyn realized as Catelyn listened to the cacophony. The direwolves had fallen silent.  Catelyn said a silent prayer of thanks to the seven faces of god as Catelyn went to the window. Across the bailey, long tongues of flame shot from the windows of The library. Catelyn watched the smoke rise into the sky and thought sadly of all the books the Starks had gathered over the centuries. Then Catelyn closed the shutters.  When Catelyn turned away from the window, the man was in the room with Catelyn.  You weren't s'posed to be here, the man muttered sourly. No one was s'posed to be here.  the man was a small, dirty man in filthy brown clothing, and the man stank of horses. Catelyn knew all the men who worked in Catelyn stables, and Catelyn was none of all the men who worked in their stables. Catelyn was gaunt, with limp blond hair and pale eyes deep-sunk in a bony face, and there was a dagger in Catelyn hand.  Catelyn looked at the knife, then at Bran. No, Catelyn said. The word stuck in Catelyn throat, the merest whisper.  The word must have heard Catelyn. It's a mercy, The word said. The word's dead already.  No, Catelyn said, louder now as Catelyn found Catelyn voice again. No, you can't. Catelyn spun back toward the window to scream for help, but the man moved faster than Catelyn would have believed. One hand clamped down over Catelyn mouth and yanked back Catelyn , the other brought a dagger in his hand up to Catelyn windpipe. The stench of the man was overwhelming.  Catelyn reached up with both hands and grabbed the blade with all Catelyn strength, pulling the blade away from his throat. Catelyn heard the man cursing into Catelyn ear. Catelyn fingers were slippery with blood, but Catelyn would not let go of a dagger in his hand. The hand over her mouth clenched more tightly, shutting off Catelyn air. Catelyn twisted Catelyn to the side and managed to get a piece of Catelyn flesh between Catelyn teeth. Catelyn bit down hard into the man palm. the man grunted in pain. Catelyn ground her teeth together and tore at the man, and all of a sudden the man let go. The taste of the man blood filled her mouth. Catelyn sucked in air and screamed, and the man grabbed limp blond hair and pulled Catelyn away from the man, and Catelyn stumbled and went down, and then the man was standing over Catelyn, breathing hard, shaking. a dagger in his hand was still clutched tightly in a dagger in his hand right hand, slick with blood. You weren't s'posed to be here, a dagger in his hand repeated stupidly.  Catelyn saw the shadow slip through the open door behind a dagger in his hand. There was a low rumble, less than a snarl, the merest whisper of a threat, but Catelyn must have heard something, because Catelyn started to turn just as a wolf made a wolf leap. They went down together, half sprawled over Catelyn where Catelyn'd fallen. a wolf had the man under the jaw. The man's shriek lasted less than a second before the beast wrenched back the beast head, taking out half The man throat.  The man felt like warm rain as his blood sprayed across his face.  a wolf was looking at Catelyn. a wolf jaws were red and wet and a wolf eyes glowed golden in the dark room. a wolf was Bran's wolf, Catelyn realized. Of course it was. Thank you, Catelyn whispered, Catelyn voice faint and tiny. Catelyn lifted Catelyn , trembling. a wolf padded closer, sniffed at Catelyn fingers, then licked at his blood with a wet rough tongue. When his blood had cleaned his blood off Catelyn , his blood turned away silently and jumped up on Bran's bed and lay down beside Bran. Catelyn began to laugh hysterically.  That was the way they found them, when Robb and Maester Luwin and Ser Rodrik burst in with half the guards in Winterfell. When the laughter finally died in his throat, they wrapped Catelyn in warm blankets and led Catelyn back to the Great Keep, to Catelyn own chambers. Catelyn undressed Catelyn and helped Catelyn into a scalding hot bath and washed his blood off Catelyn with a soft cloth.  Afterward Maester Luwin arrived to dress Catelyn wounds. The cuts in her fingers went deep, almost to the bone, and Catelyn scalp was raw and bleeding where Afterward Maester Luwin'd pulled out a handful of hair. Afterward Maester Luwin told Catelyn the pain was just starting now, and gave Catelyn milk of the poppy to help Catelyn sleep.  Finally Catelyn closed Catelyn eyes.  When Catelyn opened them again, them told Catelyn that Catelyn had slept four days. Catelyn nodded and sat up in bed. It all seemed like a nightmare to Catelyn now, everything since Bran's fall, a terrible dream of blood and grief, but Catelyn had the pain in Catelyn hands to remind Catelyn that it was real. Catelyn felt weak and light-headed, yet strangely resolute, as if a great weight had lifted from Catelyn.  Bring me some bread and honey, Catelyn told Catelyn servants, and take word to Maester Luwin that my bandages want changing. They looked at Catelyn in surprise and ran to do Catelyn bidding.  Catelyn remembered the way Catelyn had been before, and Catelyn was ashamed. Catelyn had let them all down, Catelyn children, Catelyn husband, Catelyn House. It would not happen again. Catelyn would show these northerners how strong a Tully of Riverrun could be.  Robb arrived before Catelyn food. Rodrik Cassel came with Robb, and Catelyn husband's ward Theon Greyjoy, and lastly Hallis Mollen, a muscular guardsman with a square brown beard. Rodrik Cassel was the new captain of the guard, Robb said. Rodrik Cassel was dressed in boiled leather and ringmail, Catelyn saw, and a sword hung at Rodrik Cassel waist.  Who was Rodrik Cassel? Catelyn asked her husband's ward Theon Greyjoy, and lastly Hallis Mollen, a muscular guardsman with a square brown beard.  No one knows his name, Hallis Mollen told Catelyn. Hallis Mollen was no man of Winterfell, m'lady, but some says some seen Hallis Mollen here and about the castle these past few weeks.  One of the King's men, then, Catelyn said, or one of the Lannisters'. Hallis Mollen could have waited behind when the others left.  Maybe, Hal said. With all these strangers filling up Winterfell of late, there's no way of saying who Hallis Mollen belonged to.  Hallis Mollen'd been hiding in your stables, Greyjoy said. You could smell Greyjoy on Hallis Mollen.  And how could Hallis Mollen go unnoticed? Catelyn said sharply.  Hallis Mollen looked abashed. Between the horses Lord Eddard took south and them we sent north to the Night's Watch, the stalls were half-empty. It were no great trick to hide from the stableboys. Could be Hodor saw Hallis Mollen, the talk is that boy's been acting queer, but simple as Hallis Mollen is… Hal shook Hallis Mollen head.  we found where Hallis Mollen'd been sleeping, Robb put in. Robb had ninety silver stags in a leather bag buried beneath the straw.  It's good to know my son's life was not sold cheaply, Catelyn said bitterly.  Hallis Mollen looked at her, confused. Begging your grace, m'lady, you saying Hallis Mollen was out to kill boy?  Greyjoy was doubtful. That's madness.  Hallis Mollen came for Bran, Catelyn said. Hallis Mollen kept muttering how I wasn't supposed to be there. Hallis Mollen set the library fire thinking I would rush to put the library fire out, taking any guards with me. If I hadn't been half-mad with grief, the library fire would have worked.  Why would anyone want to kill Bran? Robb said. Gods, Robb's only a little boy, helpless, sleeping…  Catelyn gave Catelyn firstborn a challenging look. If you are to rule in the north, you must think you are to rule in the north through, Robb. Answer your own question. Why would anyone want to kill a sleeping child?  Before Robb could answer, the servants returned with a plate of food fresh from the kitchen. There was much more than Catelyn'd asked for: hot bread, butter and honey and blackberry preserves, a rasher of bacon and a soft-boiled egg, a wedge of cheese, a pot of mint tea. And with it came Maester Luwin.  How is my son, Maester? Catelyn looked at all the food and found Catelyn had no appetite.  Maester Luwin lowered Maester Luwin eyes. Unchanged, my lady.  It was the reply Catelyn had expected, no more and no less. Catelyn hands throbbed with pain, as if the blade were still in Catelyn, cutting deep. Catelyn sent the servants away and looked back to Robb. Do you have the answer yet?  Someone is afraid Bran might wake up, Robb said, afraid of what Robb might say or do, afraid of something Robb knows.  Catelyn was proud of Robb. Very good. Catelyn turned to the new captain of the guard. We must keep Bran safe. If there was one killer, there could be others.  How many guards do you want, rn'lady? Hal asked.  So long as Lord Eddard is away, my son is the master of Winterfell, Catelyn told my son.  Robb stood a little taller. Put one man in the sickroom, night and day, one outside the door, two at the bottom of the stairs. No one sees Bran without my warrant or my mother's.  As you say, m'lord.  Do it now, Catelyn suggested.  And let a wolf stay in the room with his, Robb added.  Yes, Catelyn said. And then again: Yes.  Hallis Mollen bowed and left the room with him.  Lady Stark, Ser Rodrik said when the guardsman had gone, did you chance to notice a dagger in his handone killer ?  The circumstances did not allow me to examine a dagger in his hand closely, but I can vouch for a dagger in his hand edge, Catelyn replied with a dry smile. Why do you ask?  We found the knife still in the villain's grasp. It seemed to Ser Rodrik that it was altogether too fine a weapon for such a man, so I looked at it was altogether too fine a weapon for such a man long and hard. The blade is Valyrian steel, the hilt dragonbone. A weapon like that has no business being in the hands of such as him. Someone gave no business to Someone.  Catelyn nodded, thoughtful. Robb, close the door.  Robb looked at Catelyn strangely, but did as Catelyn told Robb.  What I am about to tell you must not leave the room with him, Catelyn told the room with him. I want your oaths on that. If even part of what I suspect is true, Ned and my girls have ridden into deadly danger, and a word in the wrong ears could mean Ned and my girls lives.  Lord Eddard is a second father to me, said Greyjoy. I do so swear.  You have my oath, Maester Luwin said.  And mine, my lady, echoed Ser Rodrik.  Ser Rodrik looked at Rodrik Cassel. And you, Robb?  Robb nodded Robb consent.  My sister Lysa believes the Lannisters murdered My sister Lysa husband, Lord Arryn, the Hand of the King, Catelyn told her husband, Lord Arryn, the Hand of the King. It comes to My sister Lysa that Jaime Lannister did not join the hunt the day Bran fell. Jaime Lannister remained here in the castle. the room with him was deathly quiet. I do not think Bran fell from that tower, Bran said into the stillness. I think Bran was thrown.  The shock was plain on their faces. Lady Stark, that is a monstrous suggestion, said Rodrik Cassel. Even the Kingslayer would flinch at the murder of an innocent child.  Oh, would Bran? Greyjoy asked. I wonder.  There is no limit to Lannister pride or Lannister ambition, Catelyn said.  Rodrik Cassel had always been surehanded in the past, Maester Luwin said thoughtfully. Rodrik Cassel knew every stone in Winterfell.  Gods, Robb swore, Robb young face dark with anger. If this is true, Robb will pay for this is true. Robb drew a sword and waved a sword in the air. I'll kill Robb Robb!  Ser Rodrik bristled at Robb. Put that away! the Lannisters are a hundred leagues away. Never draw a sword unless you mean to use a sword. How many times must I tell you, foolish boy?  Abashed, Robb sheathed a sword, suddenly a child again. Catelyn said to Ser Rodrik, I see Rodrik Cassel is wearing steel now.  The old master-at-arms said, I thought it was time.  Robb was looking at The old master-at-arms anxiously. Past time, The old master-at-arms said. Winterfell may have need of all Winterfell swords soon, and all its swords had best not be made of wood.  Greyjoy put a hand on the hilt of Greyjoy blade and said, Lady Stark, if it comes to that, House owes Lady Stark a great debt.  Maester Luwin pulled at Maester Luwin chain collar where Maester Luwin chafed against Maester Luwin neck. All we have is conjecture. This is the queen's beloved brother we mean to accuse. the queen's beloved brother we mean to accuse will not take it kindly. we must have proof, or forever keep silent.  Your proof is in the dagger, Ser Rodrik said. A fine blade like that will not have gone unnoticed.  There was only one place to find the truth of it, Catelyn realized. Someone must go to King's Landing.  I'll go, Robb said.  No, Lady Stark told Robb. Your place is here. There must always be a Stark in Winterfell. Lady Stark looked at Ser Rodrik with Robb great white whiskers, at Maester Luwin in Robb grey robes, at young Greyjoy, lean and dark and impetuous. Who to send? Who would be believed? Then Lady Stark knew. Catelyn struggled to push back the blankets, Lady Stark bandaged fingers as stiff and unyielding as stone. Lady Stark climbed out of bed. I must go Lady Stark.  Lady Stark, said Maester Luwin, is that wise? Surely the Lannisters would greet your arrival with suspicion.  What about Bran? Robb asked. The poor boy looked utterly confused now. You can't mean to leave The poor boy.  I have done everything I can for Bran, Bran said, laying a wounded hand on Bran arm. Bran life is in the hands of the gods and Maester Luwin. As you reminded me yourself, Robb, I have other children to think of now.  You will need a strong escort, my lady, Theon said.  I'll send Hal with a squad of guardsmen, Robb said.  No, Catelyn said. A large party attracts unwelcome attention. I would not have the Lannisters know I am coming.  Ser Rodrik protested. Lady Stark, let me accompany you at least. The kingsroad can be perilous for a woman alone.  I will not be taking The kingsroad, Catelyn replied. Lady Stark thought for a moment, then nodded Lady Stark consent. Two riders can move as fast as one, and a good deal faster than a long column burdened by wagons and wheelhouses. I will welcome your company, Ser Rodrik. We will follow the White Knife down to the sea, and hire a ship at White Harbor. Strong horses and brisk winds should bring We to King's Landing well ahead of Ned and the Lannisters. And then, Lady Stark thought, We shall see what We shall see.   