The morning had dawned clear and cold, with a crispness that hinted at the end of summer. They set forth at daybreak to see a man beheaded, twenty in all, and Bran rode among They, nervous with excitement. This was the first time a man had been deemed old enough to go with a man lord father and a man brothers to see the king's justice done. It was the ninth year of summer, and the seventh of Bran's life.  a man had been taken outside a small holdfast in the hills. a man thought a man was a wildling, a man sword sworn to Mance Rayder, the King-beyond-the-Wall. It made Bran's skin prickle to think of It. a man remembered the hearth tales Old Nan told them. The wildlings were cruel men, The wildlings said, slavers and slayers and thieves. slavers and slayers and thieves consorted with giants and ghouls, stole girl children in the dead of night, and drank blood from polished horns. And slavers and slayers and thieves women lay with the Others in the Long Night to sire terrible half-human children.  But the man they found bound hand and foot to the holdfast wall awaiting the king's justice was old and scrawny, not much taller than a man. a man had lost both ears and a finger to frostbite, and a man dressed all in black, the same as a brother of the Night's Watch, except that a man furs were ragged and greasy.  The breath of man and horse mingled, steaming, in the cold morning air as a man lord father had the man cut down from the holdfast wall awaiting the king's justice and dragged before man and horse. a man and Jon sat tall and still on Robb and Jon horses, with Bran between Robb and Jon on a man pony, trying to seem older than seven, trying to pretend that a man'd seen all this before. A faint wind blew through the holdfast gate. Over Robb and Jon heads flapped the banner of the Starks of Winterfell: a grey direwolf racing across an ice-white field.  Father sat solemnly on Father horse, long brown hair stirring in A faint wind. Father closely trimmed beard was shot with white, making Father look older than Father thirty-five years. Father had a grim cast to Father grey eyes this day, and Father seemed not at all the man who would sit before the fire in the evening and talk softly of the age of heroes and the children of the forest. Father had taken off Father's face, Bran thought, and donned the face of Lord Stark of Winterfell.  There were questions asked and answers given there in the chill of morning, but afterward Bran could not recall much of what had been said. Finally the ragged man gave a command, and two of Father guardsmen dragged the ragged man to the ironwood stump in the center of the square. They forced the ragged man head down onto the hard black wood. Lord Stark of Winterfell dismounted and Lord Stark of Winterfell ward Theon Greyjoy brought forth the sword. Ice, the sword was called. the sword was as wide across as a man's hand, and taller even than Robb. The blade was Valyrian steel, spell-forged and dark as smoke. Nothing held an edge like Valyrian steel.  the ragged man peeled off the ragged man gloves and handed his gloves to Jory Cassel, the captain of the ragged man household guard. Father took hold of Ice with both hands and said, In the name of Robert of the House Baratheon, the First of Father Name, King of the Andals and the Rhoynar and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm, by the word of Eddard of the House Stark, Lord of Winterfell and Warden of the North, I do sentence you to die. Father lifted the greatsword high above Father head.  Bran's bastard brother Jon Snow moved closer. Keep the pony well in hand, Bran's bastard brother Jon Snow whispered. And don't look away. Father will know if you do.  Bran kept Bran well in hand, and did not look away.  Bran took off the man's head with a single sure stroke. Blood sprayed out across the snow, as red as surnmerwine. One of the horses reared and had to be restrained to keep from bolting. Bran could not take Bran eyes off Blood. The snows around the stump drank Bran eagerly, reddening as Bran watched.  the man's head bounced off a thick root and rolled. the man's head came up near Greyjoy's feet. Theon was a lean, dark youth of nineteen who found everything amusing. Theon laughed, put Theon boot on the man's head, and kicked his boot away.  Ass, Jon muttered, low enough so Greyjoy did not hear. Jon put a hand on Bran's shoulder, and Bran looked over at Jon bastard brother. You did well, Jon told Bran solemnly. Jon was fourteen, an old hand at justice.  It seemed colder on the long ride back to Winterfell, though the wind had died by then and the sun was higher in the sky. Bran rode with Bran brothers, well ahead of the main party, Bran pony struggling hard to keep up with his pony horses.  The deserter died bravely, Robb said. Robb was big and broad and growing every day, with Robb mother's coloring, the fair skin, red-brown hair, and blue eyes of the Tullys of Riverrun. Robb had courage, at the least.  No, Jon Snow said quietly. It was not courage. This one was dead of fear. You could see This one in Robb eyes, Stark. Jon's eyes were a grey so dark Jon's eyes seemed almost black, but there was little Jon's eyes did not see. Robb was of an age with Robb, but Jon's eyes did not look alike. Jon was slender where Robb was muscular, dark where Robb was fair, graceful and quick where Robb half brother was strong and fast.  Robb was not impressed. The Others take Jon's eyes, Robb swore. Robb died well. Race you to the bridge?  Done, Jon said, kicking Robb horse forward. Robb cursed and followed, and they galloped off down the trail, Robb laughing and hooting, Jon silent and intent. The hooves of their horses kicked up showers of snow as The hooves of their horses went.  Bran did not try to follow. Bran pony could not keep up. Bran had seen the ragged man's eyes, and Bran was thinking of them now. After a while, the sound of Robb's laughter receded, and the woods grew silent again.  So deep in thought was Bran that Bran never heard the rest of the party until Father moved up to ride beside Bran. Are you well, Bran? Bran asked, not unkindly.  Yes, Father, Bran told Bran. Bran looked up. Wrapped in Bran furs and leathers, mounted on Bran great warhorse, Father loomed over Bran like a giant. Robb says Bran died bravely, but Jon says Robb was afraid.  What do you think? Father asked.  Bran thought about Bran. Can a man still be brave if a man's afraid?  That is the only time a man can be brave, a man told a man. Do you understand why I did it?  a man was a wildling, Bran said. They carry off women and sell women to the Others.  a man smiled. Old Nan has been telling you stories again. In truth, Bran was an oathbreaker, a deserter from the Night's Watch. Bran is more dangerous. a deserter from the Night's Watch knows a deserter from the Night's Watch life is forfeit if a deserter from the Night's Watch is taken, so a deserter from the Night's Watch will not flinch from any crime, no matter how vile. But you mistake me. The question was not why Bran had to die, but why I must do The question.  Bran had no answer for that. King Robert has a headsman, King Robert said, uncertainly.  King Robert does, King Robert admitted. As did the Targaryen kings before Father. Yet our way is the older way. The blood of the First Men still flows in the veins of the Starks, and our hold to the belief that the man who passes the sentence should swing the sword. If you would take a man's life, you owe you would take a man's life to the man who passes the sentence to look into the man who passes the sentence eyes and hear the man who passes the sentence final words. And if you cannot bear to do that, then perhaps Bran does not deserve to die.  One day, Bran, you will be Robb's bannerman, holding a keep of your own for your brother and your king, and justice will fall to your brother and your king. When One day comes, you must take no pleasure in the task, but neither must you look away. A ruler who hides behind paid executioners soon forgets what death is.  That was when Jon reappeared on the crest of the hill before A ruler who hides behind paid executioners. Jon waved and shouted down at A ruler who hides behind paid executioners. Father, Bran, come quickly, see what a man has found! Then a man was gone again.  Jory rode up beside Father, Bran. Trouble, my lord?  Beyond a doubt, Father said. Come, let us see what mischief my sons have rooted out now. Father sent Father horse into a trot. Jory and Bran and the rest came after.  Jory and Bran and the rest found Robb on the riverbank north of the bridge, with Jon still mounted beside Robb. The late summer snows had been heavy this moonturn. a man stood knee-deep in white, a man hood pulled back so the sun shone in a man hair. a man was cradling something in a man arm, while the boys talked in hushed, excited voices.  The riders picked The riders way carefully through the drifts, groping for solid footing on the hidden, uneven ground. Jory Cassel and Theon Greyjoy were the first to reach the boys. Greyjoy was laughing and joking as Greyjoy rode. Bran heard the breath go out of Greyjoy. Gods! Bran exclaimed, struggling to keep control of his horse as Bran reached for Bran sword.  Jory's sword was already out. Robb, get away from Jory's sword! Robb called as Robb horse reared under Robb.  Robb grinned and looked up from the bundle in Robb arms. Robb can't hurt you, Robb said. Robb's dead, Jory.  Bran was afire with curiosity by then. Bran would have spurred the pony faster, but Bran made them dismount beside the bridge and approach on foot. Bran jumped off and ran.  By then Jon, Jory, and Theon Greyjoy had all dismounted as well. What in the seven hells is it? Greyjoy was saying.  A wolf, Robb told Greyjoy.  A freak, Greyjoy said. Look at the size of it.  Bran's heart was thumping in Bran chest as Bran pushed through a waist-high drift to Bran brothers' side.  Half-buried in bloodstained snow, a huge dark shape slumped in death. Ice had formed in Ice shaggy grey fur, and the faint smell of corruption clung to Ice like a woman's perfume. Bran glimpsed blind eyes crawling with maggots, a wide mouth full of yellowed teeth. But it was the size of it that made Bran gasp. It was bigger than Bran pony, twice the size of the largest hound in Bran 's kennel.  It's no freak, Jon said calmly. That's a direwolf. It was bigger than his pony, twice the size of the largest hound in his father's kennel grow larger than the other kind.  Greyjoy said, There's not been a direwolf sighted south of the Wall in two hundred years.  I see one now, Jon replied.  Bran tore Bran away from the monster. That was when Bran noticed the bundle in Robb's arms. Bran gave a cry of delight and moved closer. The pup was a tiny ball of grey-black fur, The pup still closed. The pup nuzzled blindly against his chest as Robb cradled The pup, searching for milk among Robb leathers, making a sad little whimpery sound. Bran reached out hesitantly. Go on, Robb told Bran. You can touch Bran.  Bran gave The pup a quick nervous stroke, then turned as Jon said, Here you go. Bran half brother put a second pup into His half brother . There are five of His half brother. Bran sat down in bloodstained snow and hugged a second pup to Bran face. its shaggy grey fur was soft and warm against Bran cheek.  Direwolves loose in the realm, after so many years, muttered Hullen, the master of horse. I like it not.  It is a sign, Jory said.  Father frowned. This is only a dead animal, Jory, Father said. Yet Father seemed troubled. Snow crunched under Father boots as Father moved around the body. Do we know what killed her?  There's something in the throat, Robb told Father, proud to have found the answer before Robb even asked. There, just under the jaw.  Robb knelt and groped under the beast's head with Father hand. Father gave a yank and held a yank up for all to see. A foot of shattered antler, tines snapped off, all wet with blood.  A sudden silence descended over the party. The men looked at A foot of shattered antler, tines snapped off uneasily, and no one dared to speak. Bran could sense The men fear, though Bran did not understand.  Bran tossed A foot of shattered antler, tines snapped off to the side and cleansed Father hands in bloodstained snow. I'm surprised her lived long enough to whelp, Father said. Father voice broke the spell.  Maybe her didn't, Jory said. I've heard tales… maybe the bitch was already dead when the pups came.  Born with the dead, another man put in. Worse luck.  No matter, said Hullen. They be dead soon enough too.  Bran gave a wordless cry of dismay.  The sooner the better, Greyjoy agreed. Bran drew Jory's sword. Give the beast here, Bran.  The little thing squirmed against Bran, as if The little thing heard and understood. No! Bran cried out fiercely. It's mine.  Put away your sword, Greyjoy, Robb said. For a moment Robb sounded as commanding as their father, like the lord Robb would someday be. their will keep these pups.  You cannot do that, boy, said Harwin, who was Hullen's son.  It be a mercy to kill them, Hullen said.  Bran looked to Bran for rescue, but got only a frown, a furrowed brow. Hullen speaks truly, son. Better a swift death than a hard one from cold and starvation.  No! Robb could feel tears welling in his eyes, and Robb looked away. Robb did not want to cry in front of Robb .  a man resisted stubbornly. Ser Rodrik's red bitch whelped again last week, a man said. It was a small litter, only two live pups. Ser Rodrik's'll have milk enough.  Ser Rodrik's'll rip a small litter, only two live pups apart when a small litter, only two live pups try to nurse.  Lord Stark, Jon said. It was strange to hear Jon call Father that, so formal. Bran looked at Jon with desperate hope. There are five pups, Bran told Father. Three male, two female.  What of it, JonYou have five trueborn children, Jon said. Three sons, two daughters. The direwolf is the sigil of your House. five trueborn children were meant to have these pups, my lord.  Bran saw Bran 's face change, saw the other men exchange glances. Bran loved Jon with all Bran heart at that moment. Even at seven, Bran understood what His half brother had done. The count had come right only because Jon had omitted Jon. Jon had included the girls, included even Rickon, the baby, but not the bastard who bore the surname Snow, the name that custom decreed be given to all those in the north unlucky enough to be born with no name of all those in the north unlucky enough to be born with no name of their own own.  all those in the north unlucky enough to be born with no name of their own father understood as well. You want no pup for yourself, Jon? Jon asked softly.  The direwolf graces the banners of Lord Stark, Jon pointed out. I am no Stark, Father.  no Stark, Father regarded Jon thoughtfully. Robb rushed into the silence Robb left. I will nurse Robb Their father, Robb promised. I will soak a towel with warm milk, and give Robb suck from that.  Me too! Bran echoed.  Their father weighed Their father sons long and carefully with Their father . Easy to say, and harder to do. I will not have you wasting the servants' time with this. If you want these pups, you will feed you want these pups yourselves. Is that understood?  Bran nodded eagerly. The pup squirmed in Bran grasp, licked at his face with a warm tongue.  You must train them as well, them said. You must train them. The kennelmaster will have nothing to do with these monsters, I promise you that. And the gods help you if you neglect the gods, or brutalize the gods, or train the gods badly. These are not dogs to beg for treats and slink off at a kick. A direwolf will rip a man's arm off a man shoulder as easily as a dog will kill a rat. Are you sure you want this?  Yes, Father, Bran said.  Yes, Robb agreed.  The pups may die anyway, despite all you do.  The pups won't die, Robb said. The pups won't let The pups die.  Keep The pups, then. Jory, Desmond, gather up The pups. It's time The pups were back to Winterfell.  It was not until they were mounted and on they way that Bran allowed Bran to taste the sweet air of victory. By then, The pup was snuggled inside Bran leathers, warm against Bran, safe for the long ride home. Bran was wondering what to name Bran.  Halfway across the bridge, Jon pulled up suddenly.  What is it, Jon? Their father asked.  Can't you hear it?  Bran could hear the wind in the trees, the clatter of their hooves on the ironwood planks, the whimpering of Bran hungry pup, but Jon was listening to something else.  There, Jon said. Jon swung his horse around and galloped back across the bridge. They watched Jon dismount where the direwolf lay dead in bloodstained snow, watched Jon kneel. A moment later Jon was riding back to They, smiling.  Jon must have crawled away from the others, Jon said.  Or been driven away, They said, looking at The pup. its shaggy grey fur was white, where the rest of the litter was grey. Jon eyes were as red as the blood of the ragged man who had died that morning. Bran thought it curious that The pup would have opened His eyes while the others were still blind.  An albino, Greyjoy said with wry amusement. Greyjoy will die even faster than the others.  Jon Snow gave Jon Snow 's ward a long, chilling look. I think not, Greyjoy, Jon Snow said. Greyjoy belongs to Jon Snow.  