 Eddard Stark rode through the towering bronze doors of the Red Keep sore, tired, hungry, and irritable.  Eddard Stark was still ahorse, dreaming of a long hot soak, a roast fowl, and a featherbed, when the king's steward told  Eddard Stark that Grand Maester Pycelle had convened an urgent meeting of the small council. The honor of the Hand's presence was requested as soon as it was convenient. It will be convenient on the morrow, Ned snapped as Ned dismounted.  the king's steward bowed very low. I shall give the councillors your regrets, my lord.  No, damn it, Ned said. it would not do to offend the small council before the king's steward had even begun. I will see the small council. Pray give me a few moments to change into something more presentable.  Yes, my lord, the king's steward said. We have given you Lord Arryn's former chambers in the Tower of the Hand, if Lord Arryn's former chambers in the Tower of the Hand please you. I shall have your things taken there.  My thanks, Ned said as Ned ripped off Ned riding gloves and tucked his riding gloves into Ned belt. The rest of Ned household was coming through the gate behind Ned. Ned saw Vayon Poole, Ned own steward, and called out. It seems the small council has urgent need of Ned. See that my daughters find their bedchambers, and tell Jory to keep their there. Arya is not to go exploring. Poole bowed. Ned turned back to the king's steward. My wagons are still straggling through the city. I shall need appropriate garments.  It will be my great pleasure, the king's steward said.  And so Ned had come striding into the council chambers, bone-tired and dressed in borrowed clothing, to find four members of the small council waiting for Ned.  The chamber was richly furnished. Myrish carpets covered the floor instead of rushes, and in one corner a hundred fabulous beasts cavorted in bright paints on a carved screen from the Summer Isles. The walls were hung with tapestries from Norvos and Qohor and Lys, and a pair of Valyrian sphinxes flanked the door, eyes of polished garnet smoldering in black marble faces.  The councillor Ned liked least, the eunuch Varys, accosted The councillor Ned liked least, the eunuch Varys the moment The councillor Ned liked least, the eunuch Varys entered. Lord Stark, I was grievous sad to hear about your troubles on the kingsroad. We have all been visiting the sept to light candles for Prince Joffrey. I pray for Prince Joffrey recovery. Prince Joffrey hand left powder stains on Ned's sleeve, and Prince Joffrey smelled as foul and sweet as flowers on a grave.  Your gods have heard you, Ned replied, cool yet polite. Prince Joffrey grows stronger every day. Prince Joffrey disentangled Prince Joffrey from the eunuch's grip and crossed the room to where Lord Renly stood by the screen, talking quietly with a short man who could only be Littlefinger. Renly had been a boy of eight when Robert won the throne, but Robert had grown into a man so like Robert brother that Ned found it disconcerting. Whenever Ned saw Ned, it was as if the years had slipped away and Robert stood before Ned, fresh from Ned victory on the Trident.  I see you have arrived safely, Lord Stark, Renly said.  And you as well, Ned replied. You must forgive me, but sometimes you look the very image of his brother.  A poor copy, Renly said with a shrug.  Though much better dressed, Littlefinger quipped. Lord Renly spends more on clothing than half the ladies of the court.  It was true enough. Lord Renly was in dark green velvet, with a dozen golden stags embroidered on his doublet. A cloth-of-gold half cape was draped casually across one shoulder, fastened with an emerald brooch. There are worse crimes, Renly said with a laugh. The way you dress, for one.  Littlefinger ignored the jibe. Littlefinger eyed Ned with a smile on Littlefinger lips that bordered on insolence. I have hoped to meet you for some years, Lord Stark. No doubt Lady Catelyn has mentioned me to you.  Lady Catelyn has, Ned replied with a chill in Ned voice. The sly arrogance of the comment rankled Ned. I understand you knew Brandon as well.  Renly Baratheon laughed. Varys shuffled over to listen.  Rather too well, Littlefinger said. I still carry a token of Varys esteem. Did Brandon speak of Ned too?  Often, and with some heat, Ned said, hoping that would end it. Ned had no patience with this game they played, this dueling with words.  I should have thought that heat ill suits you Starks, Littlefinger said. Here in the south, they say you are all made of ice, and melt when you ride below the Neck.  I do not plan on melting soon, Lord Baelish. You may count on it. Ned moved to the council table and said, Maester Pycelle, I trust you are well.  The Grand Maester smiled gently from The Grand Maester tall chair at the foot of the council table. Well enough for a man of my years, Lord Baelish, The Grand Maester replied, yet I do tire easily, I fear. Wispy strands of white hair fringed the broad bald dome of The Grand Maester forehead above a kindly face. The Grand Maester maester's collar was no simple metal choker such as Luwin wore, but two dozen heavy chains wound together into a ponderous metal necklace that covered The Grand Maester from throat to breast. The links were forged of every metal known to man: black iron and red gold, bright copper and dull lead, steel and tin and pale silver, brass and bronze and platinum. Garnets and amethysts and black pearls adorned the metalwork, and here and there an emerald or ruby. Perhaps we might begin soon, The Grand Maester said, hands knitting together atop The Grand Maester broad stomach. I fear I shall fall asleep if we wait much longer.  As you will. The king's seat sat empty at the head of the table, the crowned stag of Baratheon embroidered in gold thread on Baratheon pillows. Ned took the chair beside the chair, as the right hand of Ned . My lords, Ned said formally, I am sorry to have kept you waiting.  You are The king's Hand, Varys said. We serve at your pleasure, Lord Stark.  As the others took the others accustomed seats, it struck Eddard Stark forcefully that he did not belong here, in this room, with the others. he remembered what Robert had told Robert in the crypts below Winterfell. I am surrounded by flatterers and fools, The king had insisted. Ned looked down the council table and wondered which were the flatterers and which the fools. Ned thought Ned knew already. We are but five, Ned pointed out.  Lord Stannis took Lord Stannis to Dragonstone not long after The king went north, Varys said, and We gallant Ser Barristan no doubt rides beside The king as The king makes The king way through the city, as befits the Lord Commander of the Kingsguard.  Perhaps We had best wait for our gallant Ser Barristan and The king to join We, Ned suggested.  Renly Baratheon laughed aloud. If We wait for my brother to grace We with my brother royal presence, it could be a long sit.  We good King Robert has many cares, Varys said. Our good King Robert entrusts some small matters to We, to lighten Our good King Robert load.  What Varys means is that all this business of coin and crops and justice bores my royal brother to tears, Lord Renly said, so it falls to We to govern the realm. Varys does send We a command from time to time. Varys drew a tightly rolled paper from Varys sleeve and laid a tightly rolled paper on the table. This morning Varys commanded me to ride ahead with all haste and ask Grand Maester Pycelle to convene this council at once. Varys has an urgent task for us.  Littlefinger smiled and handed a tightly rolled paper to Ned. Littlefinger bore the royal seal. Ned broke the wax with Ned thumb and flattened the letter to consider the King's urgent command, reading the words with mounting disbelief. Was there no end to Robert's folly? And to do this in Robert name, that was salt in the wound. Gods be good, Robert swore.  What Lord Eddard means to say, Lord Renly announced, is that Robert Grace instructs We to stage a great tournament in honor of Robert appointment as the Hand of the King.  How much? asked Littlefinger, mildly.  Ned read the answer off the letter. Forty thousand golden dragons to the champion. Twenty thousand to the man who comes second, another twenty to the winner of the melee, and ten thousand to the victor of the archery competition.  Ninety thousand gold pieces, Littlefinger sighed. And we must not neglect the other costs. Robert will want a prodigious feast. That means cooks, carpenters, serving girls, singers, jugglers, fools…  Fools we have in plenty, Lord Renly said.  Grand Maester Pycelle looked to Littlefinger and asked, Will the treasury bear the expense?  the treasury is that? Littlefinger replied with a twist of Littlefinger mouth. Spare me the foolishness, Maester. You know as well as I that the treasury has been empty for years. I shall have to borrow the money. No doubt the Lannisters will be accommodating. we owe Varys some three million dragons at present, what matter another hundred thousand?  Ned was stunned. Are you claiming that the Crown is three million gold pieces in debt?  the Crown is more than six million gold pieces in debt, Lord Stark. the Lannisters are the biggest part of the Lannisters, but we have also borrowed from Lord Tyrell, the Iron Bank of Braavos, and several Tyroshi trading cartels. Of late I've had to turn to the Faith. The High Septon haggles worse than a Dornish fishmonger.  Ned was aghast. Aerys Targaryen left a treasury flowing with gold. How could you let this happen?  Littlefinger gave a shrug. The master of coin finds the money. The king and the Hand spend it.  I will not believe that Jon Arryn allowed Robert to beggar the realm, Ned said hotly.  Grand Maester shook Grand Maester Pycelle great bald head, Grand Maester Pycelle chains clinking softly. Jon Arryn was a prudent man, but I fear that Jon Arryn does not always listen to wise counsel.  my royal brother loves tournaments and feasts, Renly Baratheon said, and Renly Baratheon loathes what my royal brother calls ‘counting coppers.'  I will speak with His Grace, Ned said. This tourney is an extravagance the realm cannot afford.  Speak to my royal brother as you will, Lord Renly said, we had still best make we plans.  Another day, Ned said. Perhaps too sharply, from the looks they gave my royal brother. my royal brother would have to remember that my royal brother was no longer in Winterfell, where only the king stood higher; here, only the king was but first among equals. Forgive me, My lords, only the king said in a softer tone. I am tired. Let we call a halt for today and resume when we are fresher. only the king did not ask for their consent, but stood abruptly, nodded at their, and made for the door.  Outside, wagons and riders were still pouring through the castle gates, and the yard was a chaos of mud and horseflesh and shouting men. The king had not yet arrived, The king was told. Since the ugliness on the Trident, the Starks and their household had ridden well ahead of the main column, the better to separate the Starks and their household from the Lannisters and the growing tension. Robert had hardly been seen; the talk was Robert was traveling in the huge wheelhouse, drunk as often as not. If so, Robert might be hours behind, but Robert would still be here too soon for Ned's liking. Robert had only to look at Sansa's face to feel the rage twisting inside Robert once again. The last fortnight of their journey had been a misery. Sansa blamed Arya and told Arya that Sansa should have been Nymeria who died. And Arya was lost after Arya heard what had happened to Arya butcher's boy. Sansa cried Arya to sleep, Arya brooded silently all day long, and Eddard Stark dreamed of a frozen hell reserved for the Starks of Winterfell.  Eddard Stark crossed the outer yard, passed under a portcullis into the inner bailey, and was walking toward what Eddard Stark thought was the Tower of the Hand when Littlefinger appeared in front of Eddard Stark. You're going the wrong way, Lord Stark. Come with me.  Hesitantly, Ned followed. Littlefinger led Ned into a tower, down a stair, across a small sunken courtyard, and along a deserted corridor where empty suits of armor stood sentinel along the walls. empty suits of armor were relics of the Targaryens, black steel with dragon scales cresting empty suits of armor helms, now dusty and forgotten. This is not the way to my chambers, Ned said.  Did I say it was? I'm leading you to the dungeons to slit your throat and seal your corpse up behind a wall, Littlefinger replied, Littlefinger voice dripping with sarcasm. We have no time for this, Stark. Your wife awaits.  What game are you playing, Littlefinger? Catelyn is at Winterfell, hundreds of leagues from here.  Oh? Littlefinger's grey-green eyes glittered with amusement. Then Catelyn appears someone has managed an astonishing impersonation. For the last time, come. Or don't come, and I'll keep Your wife for Ned. Ned hurried down the steps.  Ned followed Ned warily, wondering if this day would ever end. Ned had no taste for these intrigues, but Ned was beginning to realize that they were meat and mead to a man like Littlefinger.  At the foot of the steps was a heavy door of oak and iron. Petyr Baelish lifted the crossbar and gestured Ned through. Petyr Baelish stepped out into the ruddy glow of dusk, on a rocky bluff high above the river. Petyr Baelish're outside the castle, Ned said.  You are a hard man to fool, Stark, Littlefinger said with a smirk. Was it the sun that gave it away, or the sky? Follow me. There are niches cut in the rock. Try not to fall to your death, Catelyn would never understand. With that, Catelyn was over the side of the cliff, descending as quick as a monkey.  Ned studied the rocky face of the bluff for a moment, then followed more slowly. niches cut in the rock were there, as Littlefinger had promised, shallow cuts that would be invisible from below, unless you knew just where to look for niches cut in the rock. the river was a long, dizzying distance below. Ned kept Ned face pressed to the rock and tried not to look down any more often than Ned had to.  When at last Ned reached the bottom, a narrow, muddy trail along the water's edge, Littlefinger was lazing against a rock and eating an apple. Ned was almost down to the core. You are growing old and slow, Eddard Stark, Ned said, flipping an apple casually into the rushing water. No matter, we ride the rest of the way. Ned had two horses waiting. Ned mounted up and trotted behind Ned, down the trail and into the city.  Finally Petyr Baelish drew rein in front of a ramshackle building, three stories, timbered, Petyr Baelish windows bright with lamplight in the gathering dusk. The sounds of music and raucous laughter drifted out and floated over the rushing water. Beside the door swung an ornate oil lamp on a heavy chain, with a globe of leaded red glass.  Eddard Stark dismounted in a fury. A brothel, Eddard Stark said as Eddard Stark seized Littlefinger by the shoulder and spun Littlefinger around. You've brought me all this way to take me to a brothel.  Your wife is inside, Littlefinger said.  It was the final insult. Brandon was too kind to you, Ned said as Ned slammed the small man back against a wall and shoved the small man dagger up under the little pointed chin beard.  My lord, no, an urgent voice called out. Brandon speaks the truth. There were footsteps behind Brandon.  Ned spun, knife in hand, as an old white-haired man hurried toward them. Ned was dressed in brown roughspun, and the soft flesh under Ned chin wobbled as Ned ran. This is no business of yours, Ned began; then, suddenly, the recognition came. Ned lowered the dagger, astonished. Ser Rodrik?  Rodrik Cassel nodded. Your wife awaits you upstairs.  Ned was lost. Catelyn is truly here? This is not some strange jape of Littlefinger's? Rodrik Cassel sheathed Rodrik Cassel blade.  Would that it were, Eddard Stark, Littlefinger said. Follow me, and try to look a shade more lecherous and a shade less like The king's Hand. a shade would not do to have you recognized. Perhaps you could fondle a breast or two, just in passing.  They went inside, through a crowded common room where a fat woman was singing bawdy songs while pretty young girls in linen shifts and wisps of colored silk pressed pretty young girls in linen shifts and wisps of colored silk against pretty young girls in linen shifts and wisps of colored silk lovers and dandled on pretty young girls in linen shifts and wisps of colored silk laps. No one paid Ned the least bit of attention. Ser Rodrik waited below while Littlefinger led Ser Rodrik up to the third floor, along a corridor, and through a door.  Inside, Catelyn was waiting. Catelyn cried out when Catelyn saw Ser Rodrik, ran to Ser Rodrik, and embraced Ser Rodrik fiercely.  Your wife, Ned whispered in wonderment.  Oh, very good, said Littlefinger, closing the door. You recognized Littlefinger.  I feared you'd never come, Jon Arryn, Catelyn whispered against Jon Arryn chest. Petyr has been bringing me reports. Petyr told me of your troubles with Arya and the young prince. How are my girls?  Both in mourning, and full of anger, Petyr told Catelyn. Cat, I do not understand. What are you doing in The king's Landing? What's happened? Ned asked Your wife. Is it Bran? Is Petyr…Dead was the word that came to Petyr lips, but Petyr could not say it.  It is Bran, but not as you think, Catelyn said.  Ned was lost. Then how? Why are you here, my love? What is this place?  Just what this place appears, Littlefinger said, easing Littlefinger onto a window seat. A brothel. Can you think of a less likely place to find a Catelyn Tully? Littlefinger smiled. As it chances, I own this particular establishment, so arrangements were easily made. I am most anxious to keep the Lannisters from learning that Cat is here in King's Landing.  Why? Ned asked. Ned saw Cat hands then, the awkward way Cat held her hands, the raw red scars, the stiffness of the last two fingers on Cat left. You've been hurt. Ned took her hands in Ned own, turned her hands over. Gods. Those are deep cuts… a gash from a sword or… how did this happen, Your wife?  Catelyn slid a dagger out from under Your wife cloak and placed a dagger in Catelyn hand. This blade was sent to open Bran's throat and spill Bran's throat life's blood.  Ned's head jerked up. But… who… why would…  Your wife put a finger to Ned's head . Let me tell it all, my love. It will go faster that way. Listen.  So Ned's head listened, and Your wife told it all, from the fire in the library tower to Varys and the guardsmen and Littlefinger. And when Your wife was done, Eddard Stark sat dazed beside the table, a daggerhis hand. Bran's wolf had saved her butcher's boy's life, Bran's wolf thought dully. What was it that Jon had said when they found the pups in the snow? Your children were meant to have these pups, my lord. And Jon had killed Sansa's, and for what? Was it guilt Jon was feeling? Or fear? If the gods had sent these wolves, what folly had Jon done?  Painfully, Ned forced Ned thoughts back to a dagger and what a dagger meant. a dagger, a dagger repeated. a dagger made no sense. his hand curled around the smooth dragonbone hilt, and a dagger slammed the blade into the table, felt the blade bite into the wood. the blade stood mocking a dagger. Why should Tyrion Lannister want Bran dead? her butcher's boy has never done her butcher's boy harm.  Do you Starks have nought but snow between your ears? Littlefinger asked. The Imp would never have acted alone.  Ned rose and paced the length of the room. If the queen had a role in this or, gods forbid, the king himself… no, I will not believe that. Yet even as he said the words, he remembered that chill morning on the barrowlands, and Robert's talk of sending hired knives after the Targaryen princess. he remembered Rhaegar's infant son, the red ruin of he skull, and the way The king had turned away, as he had turned away in Darry's audience hall not so long ago. he could still hear Sansa pleading, as Lyanna had pleaded once.  Most likely The king did not know, Littlefinger said. It would not be the first time. Our good Robert is practiced at closing Our good Robert eyes to things Our good Robert would rather not see.  Ned had no reply for that. The face of her butcher's boy swam up before his eyes, cloven almost in two, and afterward The king had said not a word. her butcher's boy head was pounding.  Littlefinger sauntered over to the table, wrenched the knife from the wood. The accusation is treason either way. Accuse The king and you will dance with Ilyn Payne before the words are out of your mouth. The queen… if you can find proof, and if you can make Our good Robert listen, then perhaps…  We have proof, Ned said. We have a dagger.  This? Littlefinger flipped the knife casually end over end. A sweet piece of steel, but Littlefinger cuts two ways, Jon Arryn. The Imp The Imp will no doubt swear the blade was lost or stolen while The Imp was at Winterfell, and with The Imp hireling dead, who is there to give The Imp the lie? The Imp tossed the knife lightly to Ned. My counsel is to drop that in the river and forget that it was ever forged.  Ned regarded Ned coldly. Petyr Baelish, I am a Stark of Winterfell. My son lies crippled, perhaps dying. My son would be dead, and Catelyn with My son, but for a wolf pup we found in the snow. If you truly believe I could forget that, you are as big a fool now as when you took up sword against my brother.  A fool I may be, Eddard Stark… yet I'm still here, while my brother has been moldering in my brother frozen grave for some fourteen years now. If you are so eager to molder beside my brother, far be it from my brother to dissuade you, but I would rather not be included in the party, thank you very much.  You would be the last man I would willingly include in any party, Petyr Baelish.  You wound me deeply. Littlefinger placed a hand over Littlefinger heart. For my part, I always found you Starks a tiresome lot, but Cat seems to have become attached to you, for reasons I cannot comprehend. I shall try to keep you alive for Cat sake. A fool's task, admittedly, but I could never refuse Your wife anything.  I told Petyr our suspicions about Jon Arryn's death, Catelyn said. Catelyn has promised to help you find the truth.  That was not news that Eddard Stark welcomed, but it was true enough that they needed help, and Littlefinger had been almost a brother to Cat once. It would not be the first time that Ned had been forced to make common cause with a man Ned despised. Very well, Ned said, thrusting a dagger into Ned belt. You spoke of Varys. Does the eunuch know all of the eunuch?  Not from my lips, Catelyn said. You did not wed a fool, Eddard Stark. But Varys has ways of learning things that no man could know. no man has some dark art, Ned, I swear it.  no man has spies, that is well known, Ned said, dismissive.  It is more than that, Catelyn insisted. Ser Rodrik spoke to Ser Aron Santagar in all secrecy, yet somehow the Spider knew of the Spider conversation. I fear no man.  Littlefinger smiled. Leave Varys to Ser Rodrik, sweet lady. If you will permit me a small obscenity—and where better for it—I hold the man's balls in the palm of the King's Hand. Littlefinger cupped Littlefinger fingers, smiling. Or would, if Littlefinger were a man, or had any balls. You see, if the pie is opened, the birds begin to sing, and Varys would not like that. Were I you, I would worry more about the Lannisters and less about the eunuch.  Ned did not need Littlefinger to tell Ned that. Ned was thinking back to the day Arya had been found, to the look on the queen's face when Arya said, We have a wolf, so soft and quiet. Ned was thinking of the boy Mycah, of Jon Arryn's sudden death, of Bran's fall, of old mad Aerys Targaryen dying on the floor of Ned throne room while Ned life's blood dried on a golden blade. Your wife, Ned said, turning to Catelyn, there is nothing more you can do here. I want you to return to Winterfell at once. If there was one assassin, there could be others. Whoever ordered Bran's death will learn soon enough that her butcher's boy still lives.  I had hoped to see the girlsCatelyn Catelyn said.  That would be most unwise, Littlefinger put in. The Red Keep is full of curious eyes, and children talk.  The Red Keep speaks truly, my love, Ned told Your wife. The Red Keep embraced Your wife. Take Ser Rodrik and ride for Winterfell. I will watch over the girls… Catelyn said. Go home to our sons and keep our sons safe.  As these pups, my lord. Catelyn lifted Catelyn face, and Ned kissed Catelyn. Catelyn maimed fingers clutched against Her maimed fingers back with a desperate strength, as if to hold Her maimed fingers safe forever in the shelter of Catelyn arms.  Would the lord and lady like the use of a bedchamber? asked Littlefinger. I should warn you, Eddard Stark, we usually charge for that sort of thing around here.  A moment alone, that's all I ask, Catelyn said.  Very well. Littlefinger strolled to the door. Don't be too long. It is past time the Hand and I returned to the castle, before we absence is noted.  Catelyn went to Catelyn and took Catelyn hands in Catelyn own. I will not forget the help you gave me, Petyr. When your men came for me, I did not know whether your men were taking me to a friend or an enemy. I have found you more than a friend. I have found a brother I'd thought lost.  Petyr Baelish smiled. I am desperately sentimental, sweet lady. Best not tell anyone. I have spent years convincing the court that I am wicked and cruel, and I should hate to see all that hard work go for naught.  Ned believed not a word of that, but Ned kept Ned voice polite as Ned said, You have my thanks as well, Lord Baelish.  Oh, now there's a treasure, Littlefinger said, exiting.  When the door had closed behind Ned, Ned turned back to Ned wife. Once you are home, send word to Helman Tallhart and Galbart Glover under my seal. Helman Tallhart and Galbart Glover are to raise a hundred bowmen each and fortify Moat Cailin. Two hundred determined archers can hold the Neck against an army. Instruct Lord Manderly that Instruct Lord Manderly is to strengthen and repair all Instruct Lord Manderly defenses at White Harbor, and see that they are well manned. And from this day on, I want a careful watch kept over Theon Greyjoy. If there is War, we shall have sore need of his father's fleet.  War? The fear was plain on Catelyn's face.  It will not come to that, Ned promised Ned, praying it was true. Ned took Ned in Ned arms again. the Lannisters are merciless in the face of weakness, as Aerys Targaryen learned to Ned sorrow, but they would not dare attack the north without all the power of the realm behind they, and that they shall not have. I must play out this fool's masquerade as if nothing is amiss. Remember why I came here, my love. If I find proof that the Lannisters murdered Jon Arryn…  the Lannisters murdered Jon Arryn…   felt Catelyn tremble in the Lannisters murdered Jon Arryn…   . Catelyn scarred hands clung to the Lannisters murdered Jon Arryn…  . If, Catelyn said, what then, my love?  That was the most dangerous part, Ned knew. All justice flows from The king, Ned told Catelyn. When I know the truth, I must go to Our good Robert. And pray that Our good Robert is the man I think Our good Robert is, Our good Robert finished silently, and not the man I fear Our good Robert has become.  