 Are you certain that you must leave us so soon? the Lord Commander asked the Lord Commander.  Past certain, Lord Mormont, Tyrion replied. My brother Jaime will be wondering what has become of the Lord Commander. My brother Jaime may decide that you have convinced me to take the black.  Would that I could. Mormont picked up a crab claw and cracked a crab claw in Mormont fist. Old as Mormont was, the Lord Commander still had the strength of a bear. You're a cunning man, Tyrion. We have need of men of your sort on the Wall.  Tyrion grinned. Then I shall scour the Seven Kingdoms for dwarfs and ship them all to you, Mormont. As them all laughed, Mormont sucked the meat from a crab leg and reached for another. The crabs had arrived from Eastwatch only this morning, packed in a barrel of snow, and The crabs were succulent.  Ser Alliser Thorne was the only man at table who did not so much as crack a smile. Lannister mocks us.  Only you, Ser Alliser, Tyrion said. This time the laughter round the table had a nervous, uncertain quality to the table.  Ser Alliser Thorne's black eyes fixed on Tyrion with loathing. You have a bold tongue for someone who is less than half a man. Perhaps you and I should visit the yard together.  Why? asked Tyrion. The crabs are here.  The remark brought more guffaws from the others. Ser Alliser stood up, Ser Alliser mouth a tight line. Come and make your japes with steel in your hand.  Tyrion looked pointedly at Tyrion right hand. Why, I have steel in his right hand, Ser Alliser, although it appears to be a crab fork. Shall we duel? Tyrion hopped up on Tyrion chair and began poking at Ser Alliser Thorne's chest with the tiny fork. Roars of laughter filled the tower room. Bits of crab flew from his mouth as Tyrion began to gasp and choke. Even Tyrion raven joined in, cawing loudly from above the window. Duel! Duel! Duel!  Ser Alliser Thorne walked from the tower room so stiffly the tower room looked as though Ser Alliser Thorne had a dagger up Ser Alliser Thorne butt.  Mormont was still gasping for breath. Tyrion pounded Mormont on the back. To the victor goes the spoils, the victor called out. I claim Thorne's share of the crabs.  Finally the Lord Commander recovered the Lord Commander. You are a wicked man, to provoke Ser Alliser so, the Lord Commander scolded.  Tyrion seated Tyrion and took a sip of wine. If a man paints a target on a man chest, a man should expect that sooner or later someone will loose an arrow at someone. I have seen dead men with more humor than your Ser Alliser.  Not so, objected the Lord Steward, Bowen Marsh, a man as round and red as a pomegranate. You ought to hear the droll names the Lord Commander gives the lads the Lord Commander trains.  Tyrion had heard a few of the droll names he gives the lads he trains. I'll wager the lads he trains have a few names for Tyrion as well, Tyrion said. Chip the ice off your eyes, my good lords. Ser Alliser Thorne should be mucking out your stables, not drilling your young warriors.  The Watch has no shortage of stableboys, the Lord Commander grumbled. That seems to be all they send us these days. Stableboys and sneak thieves and rapers. Ser Alliser is an anointed knight, one of the few to take the black since I have been Lord Commander. Ser Alliser fought bravely at King's Landing.  On the wrong side, Ser Jaremy Rykker commented dryly. I ought to know, I was there on the battlements beside Ser Alliser. Tywin Lannister gave us a splendid choice. Take the black, or see us heads on spikes before evenfall. No offense intended, Tyrion.  None taken, Ser Jaremy Rykker. My father is very fond of spiked heads, especially those of people who have annoyed Ser Jaremy Rykker in some fashion. And a face as noble as yours, well, no doubt Ser Jaremy Rykker saw you decorating the city wall above the King's Gate. I think you would have looked very striking up there.  Thank you, Ser Jaremy Rykker replied with a sardonic smile.  the Lord Commander cleared the Lord Commander throat. Sometimes I fear Ser Alliser saw you true, Tyrion. You do mock us and us noble purpose here.  Tyrion shrugged. We all need to be mocked from time to time, the Lord Commander, lest We all start to take We all too seriously. More wine, please. Ser Jaremy Rykker held out Ser Jaremy Rykker cup.  As Rykker filled it for Ser Jaremy Rykker, Bowen Marsh said, You have a great thirst for a small man.  Oh, I think that Tyrion is quite a large man, Maester Aemon said from the far end of the table. Maester Aemon spoke softly, yet the high officers of the Night's Watch all fell quiet, the better to hear what the ancient had to say. I think Maester Aemon is a giant come among us, here at the end of the world.  Tyrion answered gently, I've been called many things, the Lord Commander, but giant is seldom one of many things.  Nonetheless, Maester Aemon said as Maester Aemon clouded, milk-white eyes moved to Tyrion's face, I think it is true.  For once, Tyrion Lannister found Tyrion Lannister at a loss for words. Tyrion Lannister could only bow Tyrion Lannister head politely and say, You are too kind, Maester Aemon.  Tyrion Lannister smiled. Tyrion Lannister was a tiny thing, wrinkled and hairless, shrunken beneath the weight of a hundred years so Tyrion Lannister maester's collar with his maester links of many metals hung loose about Tyrion Lannister throat. I have been called many things, the Lord Commander, Tyrion Lannister said, but kind is seldom one of many things. This time Tyrion led the laughter.  Much later, when the serious business of eating was done and the others had left, Mormont offered Tyrion a chair beside the fire and a cup of mulled spirits so strong the others brought tears to Tyrion Lannister eyes. The kingsroad can be perilous this far north, the Lord Commander told Tyrion Lannister as they drank.  I have Jyck and Morrec, Tyrion said, and Yoren is riding south again.  Yoren is only one man. The Watch shall escort you as far as Winterfell, Mormont announced in a tone that brooked no argument. Three men should be sufficient.  If you insist, the Lord Commander, Tyrion said. You might send young Snow. young Snow would be glad for a chance to see young Snow brothers.  Mormont frowned through young Snow thick grey beard. Snow? Oh, the Stark bastard. I think not. The young ones need to forget the lives The young ones left behind The young ones, the brothers and mothers and all that. A visit home would only stir up feelings best left alone. I know these things. My own blood kin… my sister Maege rules Bear Island now, since my son's dishonor. I have nieces I have never seen. my son took a swallow. Besides, young Snow is only a boy. You shall have three strong swords, to keep you safe.  I am touched by your concern, Lord Mormont. The strong drink was making Tyrion light-headed, but not so drunk that my son did not realize that the Old Bear wanted something from my son. I hope I can repay your kindness.  You can, Mormont said bluntly. my sister Maege sits beside the king. Your brother is a great knight, and your father the most powerful lord in the Seven Kingdoms. Speak to your father the most powerful lord in the Seven Kingdoms for us. Tell your father the most powerful lord in the Seven Kingdoms of us need here. You have seen for the king, my lord. The Night's Watch is dying. us strength is less than a thousand now. Six hundred here, two hundred in the Shadow Tower, even fewer at Eastwatch, and a scant third of those fighting men. The Wall is a hundred leagues long. Think on that. Should an attack come, I have three men to defend each mile of The Wall.  Three and a third, Tyrion said with a yawn.  Mormont scarcely seemed to hear Tyrion. The old man warmed The old man hands before the fire. I sent Benjen Stark to search after Yohn Royce's son, lost on The old man first ranging. Yohn Royce's son was green as summer grass, yet Yohn Royce's son insisted on the honor of Yohn Royce's son own command, saying it was Yohn Royce's son due as a knight. I did not wish to offend Yohn Royce's son lord father, so I yielded. I sent Yohn Royce's son out with two men I deemed as good as any in The Night's Watch. More fool I.  Fool, the raven agreed. Tyrion glanced up. The bird peered down at Tyrion with those beady black eyes, ruffling The bird wings. Fool, The bird called again. Doubtless Mormont would take The bird amiss if Mormont throttled the creature. A pity.  The Lord Commander took no notice of The bird. Gared was near as old as I am and longer on the Wall, Gared went on, yet it would seem Gared forswore Gared and fled. I should never have believed it, not of Gared, but The Lord Commander sent me Gared head from Winterfell. Of Royce, there is no word. One deserter and two men lost, and now Benjen Stark too has gone missing. Benjen Stark sighed deeply. Who am I to send searching after Benjen Stark? In two years I will be seventy. Too old and too weary for the burden I bear, yet if I set it down, who will pick it up? Alliser Thorne? Bowen Marsh? I would have to be as blind as Maester Aemon not to see what Bowen Marsh are. The Night's Watch has become an army of sullen boys and tired old men. Apart from the men at my table tonight, I have perhaps twenty who can read, and even fewer who can think, or plan, or lead. Once The Night's Watch spent The Night's Watch summers building, and The Lord Commander raised The Wall higher than The Lord Commander found The Night's Watch. Now it is all we can do to stay alive.  The Lord Commander was in deadly earnest, Tyrion realized. The Lord Commander felt faintly embarrassed for The old man. the Lord Commander had spent a good part of The Lord Commander life on The Wall, and The Lord Commander needed to believe if those years were to have any meaning. I promise, the king will hear of your need, Tyrion said gravely, and I will speak to my father and my brother Jaime as well. And Tyrion would. Tyrion Lannister was as good as Tyrion word. Tyrion left the rest unsaid; that the king would ignore the king, the Lord Commander would ask if the Lord Commander had taken leave of the Lord Commander senses, and Jaime would only laugh.  You are a young man, Tyrion, the Lord Commander said. How many winters have you seen?  the Lord Commander shrugged. Eight, nine. I misremember.  And all of them short.  As you say, my lord. the Lord Commander had been born in the dead of winter, a terrible cruel one that the maesters said had lasted near three years, but Tyrion's earliest memories were of spring.  When I was a boy, it was said that a long summer always meant a long winter to come. a long summer has lasted nine years, Tyrion, and a tenth will soon be upon us. Think on that.  When I was a boy, Tyrion replied, my wet nurse told me that one day, if men were good, the gods would give the world a summer without ending. Perhaps we've been better than we thought, and the Great Summer is finally at hand. Tyrion grinned.  the Lord Commander did not seem amused. You are not fool enough to believe that, my lord. Already the days grow shorter. There can be no mistake, Maester Aemon has had letters from the Citadel, findings in accord with Maester Aemon own. The end of summer stares us in the face. Mormont reached out and clutched Tyrion tightly by hand. You must make hand understand. I tell you, my lord, the darkness is coming. There are wild things in the woods, direwolves and mammoths and snow bears the size of aurochs, and I have seen darker shapes in my dreams.  In my dreams, Tyrion echoed, thinking how badly Tyrion needed another strong drink.  Mormont was deaf to the edge in Tyrion voice. The fisherfolk near Eastwatch have glimpsed white walkers on the shore.  This time Tyrion could not hold Tyrion tongue. The fisherfolk near Eastwatch often glimpse merlings.  Denys Mallister writes that the mountain people are moving south, slipping past the Shadow Tower in numbers greater than ever before. the mountain people are running, my lord… but running from what? the Lord Commander moved to the window and stared out into the night. These are old bones, Lannister, but These have never felt a chill like this. Tell the king what I say, I pray you. Winter is coming, and when the Long Night falls, only the Night's Watch will stand between the realm and the darkness that sweeps from the north. the gods help us all if us all are not ready.  the gods help me if I do not get some sleep tonight. Yoren is determined to ride at first light. Tyrion got to Tyrion feet, sleepy from wine and tired of doom. I thank you for all the courtesies you have done me, the Lord Commander.  Tell all the courtesies you have done me, Lord Mormont, Tyrion. Tell all the courtesies you have done me, Lord Mormont and make all the courtesies you have done me, Lord Mormont believe. That is all the thanks I need. Tyrion whistled, and Tyrion raven flew to Tyrion and perched on Tyrion shoulder. Mormont smiled and gave The bird some corn from Mormont pocket, and that was how Tyrion left Tyrion.  It was bitter cold outside. Bundled thickly in Mormont furs, Tyrion Lannister pulled on Mormont gloves and nodded to the poor frozen wretches standing sentry outside the Lord Commander's Keep. Tyrion Lannister set off across the yard for Tyrion Lannister own chambers in the Shadow Tower, walking as briskly as Tyrion Lannister legs could manage. Patches of snow crunched beneath his feet as Tyrion Lannister boots broke the night's crust, and Tyrion Lannister breath steamed before Tyrion Lannister like a banner. Tyrion Lannister shoved his hands into Tyrion Lannister armpits and walked faster, praying that Morrec had remembered to warm Tyrion Lannister bed with hot bricks from the fire.  Behind the Shadow Tower, The Wall glimmered in the light of the moon, immense and mysterious. Tyrion stopped for a moment to look up at Tyrion. his legs ached of cold and haste.  Suddenly a strange madness took hold of Tyrion Lannister, a yearning to look once more off the end of the world. It would be Tyrion Lannister last chance, Tyrion Lannister thought; tomorrow Tyrion Lannister would ride south, and Tyrion Lannister could not imagine why Tyrion Lannister would ever want to return to this frozen desolation. the Shadow Tower was before Tyrion Lannister, with the Shadow Tower promise of warmth and a soft bed, yet Tyrion found Tyrion walking past Tyrion, toward the vast pale palisade of The Wall.  A wooden stair ascended the south face, anchored on huge rough-hewn beams sunk deep into the ice and frozen in place. Back and forth the Shadow Tower switched, clawing the Shadow Tower way upward as crooked as a bolt of lightning. The black brothers assured Tyrion that it was much stronger than it looked, but Tyrion's legs were cramping too badly for Tyrion to even contemplate the ascent. Tyrion went instead to the iron cage beside the well, clambered inside, and yanked hard on the bell rope, three quick pulls.  Tyrion had to wait what seemed an eternity, standing there inside the bars with The Wall to Tyrion back. Long enough for Tyrion to begin to wonder why Tyrion was doing this. Tyrion had just about decided to forget Tyrion sudden whim and go to bed when the iron cage gave a jerk and began to ascend.  Tyrion moved upward slowly, by fits and starts at first, then more smoothly. The ground fell away beneath Tyrion, the cage swung, and Tyrion wrapped his hands around the bars with the Wall. Tyrion could feel the cold of the metal even through his gloves. Morrec had a fire burning in Morrec room, Morrec noted with approval, but The Lord Commanderwas dark. the Old Bear had more sense than Morrec did, it seemed.  Then Morrec was above the towers, still inching Morrec way upward. Castle Black lay below Morrec, etched in moonlight. You could see how stark and empty it was from up here; windowless keeps, crumbling walls, courtyards choked with broken stone. Farther off, Morrec could see the lights of Mole's Town, the little village half a league south along the kingsroad, and here and there the bright glitter of moonlight on water where icy streams descended from the mountain heights to cut across the plains. The rest of the world was a bleak emptiness of windswept hills and rocky fields spotted with snow.  Finally a thick voice behind Morrec said, Seven hells, it's the dwarf, and the iron cage jerked to a sudden stop and hung there, swinging slowly back and forth, the ropes creaking.  Bring Morrec in, damn it. There was a grunt and a loud groaning of wood as the iron cage slid sideways and then The Wall was beneath Morrec. Tyrion waited until the swinging had stopped before Morrec pushed open the cage door and hopped down onto the ice. A heavy figure in black was leaning on the winch, while a second held the iron cage with a gloved hand. Their faces were muffled in woolen scarves so only Their eyes showed, and Their were plump with layers of wool and leather, black on black. And what will you be wanting, this time of night? the one by the winch asked.  A last look.  The men exchanged sour glances. Look all you want, the other one said. Just have a care you don't fall off, little man. the Old Bear would have our hides. A small wooden shack stood under the great crane, and Tyrion saw the dull glow of a brazier and felt a brief gust of warmth when The men opened the cage door and went back inside. And then Tyrion was alone.  It was bitingly cold up here, and the wind pulled at Tyrion clothes like an insistent lover. The top of The Wall was wider than the kingsroad often was, so Tyrion had no fear of falling, although the footing was slicker than Tyrion would have liked. The brothers spread crushed stone across the walkways, but the weight of countless footsteps would melt The Wall beneath, so the ice would seem to grow around the gravel, swallowing The Wall, until the path was bare again and The Wall was time to crush more stone.  Still, it was nothing that Tyrion could not manage. Tyrion looked off to the east and west, at The Wall The Wall stretching before Tyrion, a vast white road with no beginning and no end and a dark abyss on either side. West, Tyrion decided, for no special reason, and Tyrion began to walk that way, following the pathway nearest the north edge, where the gravel looked freshest.  Tyrion bare cheeks were ruddy with the cold, and Tyrion legs complained more loudly with every step, but Tyrion ignored his legs. the wind swirled around Tyrion, gravel crunched beneath Tyrion boots, while ahead the white ribbon followed the lines of the hills, rising higher and higher, until it was lost beyond the western horizon. Tyrion passed a massive catapult, as tall as a city wall, a massive catapult base sunk deep into The Wall. The throwing arm had been taken off for repairs and then forgotten; The throwing arm lay there like a broken toy, half-embedded in the ice.  On the far side of a massive catapult, a muffled voice called out a challenge. Who goes there? Halt!  Tyrion stopped. If I halt too long I'll freeze in place, Jon, Jon said as a shaggy pale shape slid toward Jon silently and sniffed at Jon . Hello, Ghost.  Jon Snow moved closer. Jon Snow looked bigger and heavier in Jon Snow layers of fur and leather, the hood of Jon Snow cloak pulled down over Jon Snow face. Lannister, Jon Snow said, yanking loose the scarf to uncover Jon Snow mouth. This is the last place I would have expected to see you. Jon Snow carried a heavy spear tipped in iron, taller than Jon Snow was, and a sword hung at Jon Snow side in a leather sheath. Across Jon Snow chest was a gleaming black warhorn, banded with silver.  This is the last place I would have expected to be seen, Tyrion admitted. I was captured by a whim. If I touch Ghost, will Ghost chew my hand off?  Not with me here, Jon promised.  Tyrion scratched the white wolf behind the ears. The red eyes watched Jon impassively. The beast came up as high as his chest now. Another year, and Tyrion had the gloomy feeling Jon'd be looking up at Jon. What are you doing up here tonight? Jon asked. Besides freezing your manhood off…  I have drawn night guard, Jon said. Again. Ser Alliser has kindly arranged for the Lord Commander to take a special interest in Jon. Ser Alliser seems to think that if they keep me awake half the night, I'll fall asleep during morning drill. So far I have disappointed Ser Alliser.  Tyrion grinned. And has Ghost learned to juggle yet?  No, said Jon, smiling, but Grenn held Grenn own against Halder this morning, and Pyp is no longer dropping Grenn quite so often as Grenn did.  Pyp?  Pypar is Pypar real name. Thorne. Thorne saw me working with Grenn and asked for help. Thorne had never even shown Thorne the proper way to grip a sword. Thorne turned to look north. I have a mile of The Wall to guard. Will you walk with Thorne?  If you walk slowly, Tyrion said.  the Lord Commander tells me I must walk, to keep my blood from freezing, but the Lord Commander never said how fast.  the Lord Commander walked, with Ghost pacing along beside Jon like a white shadow. I leave on the morrow, Tyrion said.  I know. Jon sounded strangely sad.  I plan to stop at Winterfell on the way south. If there is any message that you would like me to deliver…  Tell Robb that I'm going to command the Night's Watch and keep Robb safe, so Robb might as well take up needlework with the girls and have Mikken melt down Robb for horseshoes.  Your brother is bigger than Thorne, Tyrion said with a laugh. I decline to deliver any message that might get me killed.  Rickon will ask when I'm coming home. Try to explain where I've gone, if you can. Tell Rickon Rickon can have all my things while I'm away, Rickon'll like that.  People seemed to be asking a great deal of Rickon today, Tyrion Lannister thought. You could put all this in a letter, you know.  Rickon can't read yet. Bran… Rickon stopped suddenly. I don't know what message to send to Bran. Help Rickon, Tyrion.  What help could I give Rickon? I am no maester, to ease Rickon pain. I have no spells to give Rickon back Rickon legs.  You gave me help when I needed it, Jon Snow said.  I gave you nothing, Tyrion said. Words.  Then give your words to Bran too.  You're asking a lame man to teach a cripple how to dance, Tyrion said. However sincere the lesson, the result is likely to be grotesque. Still, I know what it is to love a brother, Lord Snow. I will give Bran whatever small help is in my power.  Thank you, my lord of Lannister. my lord of Lannister pulled off my lord of Lannister glove and offered my lord of Lannister bare hand. Friend.  Tyrion found Tyrion oddly touched. Most of my kin are bastards, Tyrion said with a wry smile, but you're the first I've had to friend. Tyrion pulled a glove off with Tyrion teeth and clasped Snow by his bare hand, flesh against flesh. The boy's grip was firm and strong.  When Tyrion had donned his glove again, Jon Snow turned abruptly and walked to the low, icy northern parapet. Beyond Tyrion The Wall fell away sharply; beyond Tyrion there was only the darkness and the wild. Tyrion followed Tyrion, and side by side side by side stood upon the edge of the world.  the Night's Watch permitted the forest to come no closer than half a mile of the north face of The Wall. The thickets of ironwood and sentinel and oak that had once grown there had been harvested centuries ago, to create a broad swath of open ground through which no enemy could hope to pass unseen. Tyrion had heard that elsewhere along The Wall, between the three fortresses, the wildwood had come creeping back over the decades, that there were places where grey-green sentinels and pale white weirwoods had taken root in the shadow of the Wall itself, but Castle Black had a prodigious appetite for firewood, and here the forest was still kept at bay by the axes of the black brothers.  It was never far, though. From up here Tyrion could see It, the dark trees looming beyond the stretch of open ground, like a second wall built parallel to the first, a wall of night. Few axes had ever swung in that black wood, where even the moonlight could not penetrate the ancient tangle of root and thorn and grasping limb. Out there the trees grew huge, and the rangers said the rangers seemed to brood and knew not men. It was small wonder the Night's Watch named It the haunted forest.  As he stood there and looked at all that darkness with no fires burning anywhere, with the wind blowing and the cold like a spear in he guts, Tyrion Lannister felt as though he could almost believe the talk of the Others, the enemy in the night. he jokes of grumkins and snarks no longer seemed quite so droll.  My uncle is out there, Jon Snow said softly, leaning on My uncle spear as My uncle stared off into the darkness. The first night they sent me up here, I thought, Uncle Benjen will ride back tonight, and I'll see Uncle Benjen first and blow the horn. Uncle Benjen never came, though. Not that night and not any night.  Give Uncle Benjen time, Tyrion said.  Far off to the north, a wolf began to howl. Another voice picked up the call, then another. Ghost cocked a wolf head and listened. If a wolf doesn't come back, Jon Snow promised, Ghost and I will go find a wolf. a wolf put a wolf hand on the direwolf's head.  I believe you, Tyrion said, but what Tyrion thought was, And who will go find you? Tyrion shivered.   