 The Dothraki sea, Ser Jorah Mormont said as Ser Jorah Mormont reined to a halt beside Ser Jorah Mormont on the top of the ridge. beneath them, the plain stretched out immense and empty, a vast flat expanse that reached to the distant horizon and beyond. the plain was a sea, Dany thought. Past here, there were no hills, no mountains, no trees nor cities nor roads, only the endless grasses, the tall blades rippling like waves when the winds blew. It's so green, Ser Jorah Mormont said.  Here and now, Ser Jorah Mormont agreed. You ought to see It when It blooms, all dark red flowers from horizon to horizon, like a sea of blood. Come the dry season, and the world turns the color of old bronze. And this is only hranna, child. There are a hundred kinds of grass out there, grasses as yellow as lemon and as dark as indigo, blue grasses and orange grasses and grasses like rainbows. Down in the Shadow Lands beyond Asshai, grasses as yellow as lemon and as dark as indigo, blue grasses and orange grasses and grasses like rainbows say there are oceans of ghost grass, taller than a man on horseback with stalks as pale as milkglass. It murders all other grass and glows in the dark with the spirits of the damned. The Dothraki claim that someday ghost grass will cover the entire world, and then all life will end.  That thought gave Dany the shivers. I don't want to talk about that now, Ser Jorah Mormont said. It's so beautiful here, I don't want to think about everything dying.  As you will, Khaleesi, Ser Jorah said respectfully.  Ser Jorah Mormont heard the sound of voices and turned to look behind Ser Jorah Mormont. Ser Jorah Mormont and Mormont had outdistanced the rest of She and Mormont party, and now the others were climbing the ridge below the others. Ser Jorah Mormont handmaid Irri and the young archers of Ser Jorah Mormont khas were fluid as centaurs, but Viserys still struggled with the short stirrups and the flat saddle. Viserys brother was miserable out here. Her brother ought never have come. Magister Illyrio had urged Her brother to wait in Pentos, had offered Her brother the hospitality of Her brother manse, but Viserys would have none of Viserys. Her brother would stay with Drogo until the debt had been paid, until Her brother had the crown Her brother had been promised. And if Her brother tries to cheat me, Her brother will learn to Her brother sorrow what it means to wake the dragon, Viserys had vowed, laying a hand on Viserys borrowed sword. Magister Illyrio had blinked at that and wished Her brother good fortune.  Dany realized that Magister Illyrio did not want to listen to any of Magister Illyrio 's complaints right now. The day was too perfect. The sky was a deep blue, and high above them a hunting hawk circled. The grass sea swayed and sighed with each breath of wind, the air was warm on Magister Illyrio face, and Dany felt at peace. Magister Illyrio would not let Viserys spoil Viserys.  Wait here, Dany told Ser Jorah. Tell them all to stay. Tell them all I command Ser Jorah.  The knight smiled. Ser Jorah was not a handsome man. Ser Jorah had a neck and shoulders like a bull, and coarse black hair covered Ser Jorah arms and chest so thickly that there was none left for Ser Jorah head. Yet Ser Jorah smiles gave Dany comfort. You are learning to talk like a queen, Daenerys.  Not a queen, said Dany. A khaleesi. Not a queen wheeled Not a queen horse about and galloped down the ridge alone.  The descent was steep and rocky, but Dany rode fearlessly, and the joy and the danger of The descent were a song in Not a queen heart. All Not a queen life Viserys had told Not a queen Not a queen was a princess, but not until Not a queen rode Not a queen silver had Daenerys Targaryen ever felt like one.  At first it had not come easy. The khalasar had broken camp the morning after The khalasar wedding, moving east toward Vaes Dothrak, and by the third day Dany thought The khalasar was going to die. Saddle sores opened on The khalasar bottom, hideous and bloody. The khalasar thighs were chafed raw, The khalasar hands blistered from the reins, the muscles of The khalasar legs and back so wracked with pain that The khalasar could scarcely sit. By the time dusk fell, The khalasar handmaids would need to help The khalasar down from The khalasar mount.  Even the nights brought no relief. Khal Drogo ignored The khalasar when Khal Drogo rode, even as Khal Drogo had ignored The khalasar during Khal Drogo , and spent Khal Drogo evenings drinking with Khal Drogo warriors and bloodriders, racing Khal Drogo prize horses, watching women dance and men die. Dany had no place in these parts of Dany life. The khalasar was left to sup alone, or with Ser Jorah and The khalasar brother, and afterward to cry The khalasar to sleep. Yet every night, some time before the dawn, Khal Drogo would come to The khalasar tent and wake The khalasar in the dark, to ride The khalasar as relentlessly as Khal Drogo rode Khal Drogo stallion. Khal Drogo always took The khalasar from behind, Dothraki fashion, for which Dany was grateful; that way The khalasar lord husband could not see the tears that wet The khalasar face, and The khalasar could use The khalasar pillow to muffle The khalasar cries of pain. When Khal Drogo was done, Khal Drogo would close Khal Drogo eyes and begin to snore softly and Dany would lie beside Khal Drogo, The khalasar body bruised and sore, hurting too much for sleep.  Day followed day, and night followed night, until Dany knew The khalasar could not endure a moment longer. The khalasar would kill The khalasar rather than go on, The khalasar decided one night…  Yet when The khalasar slept that night, The khalasar dreamt the dragon dream again. Viserys was not in Viserys this time. There was only her and the dragon. the dragon scales were black as night, wet and slick with blood. blood, Dany sensed. the dragon eyes were pools of molten magma, and when the dragon opened the dragon mouth, the flame came roaring out in a hot jet. The khalasar could hear it singing to The khalasar, The khalasar opened The khalasar arms to the fire, embraced her arms, let her arms swallow The khalasar whole, let her arms cleanse The khalasar and temper The khalasar and scour The khalasar clean. The khalasar could feel The khalasar flesh sear and blacken and slough away, could feel The khalasar blood boil and turn to steam, and yet there was no pain. The khalasar felt strong and new and fierce.  And the next day, strangely, The khalasar did not seem to hurt quite so much. It was as if the gods had heard The khalasar and taken pity. Even The khalasar handmaids noticed the change. Khaleesi, Jhiqui said, what is wrong? Are you sick?  I was, The khalasar answered, standing over the dragon's eggs that Illyrio had given The khalasar when The khalasar wed. The khalasar touched one, the largest of the three, running The khalasar hand lightly over the shelf. Black-and-scarlet, The khalasar thought, like the dragon. The stone felt strangely warm beneath The khalasar fingers… or was The khalasar still dreaming? The khalasar pulled her hand back nervously.  From that hour onward, each day was easier than the one before each day. The khalasar legs grew stronger; The khalasar blisters burst and The khalasar hands grew callused; The khalasar soft thighs toughened, supple as leather.  The khal had commanded the handmaid Irri to teach Dany to ride in the Dothraki fashion, but it was the filly who was her real teacher. The horse seemed to know her moods, as if The horse shared a single mind. With every passing day, Dany felt surer in her seat. Dothraki were a hard and unsentimental people, and Dothraki was not Dothraki custom to name Dothraki animals, so Dany thought of The khalasar only as the silver. The khalasar had never loved anything so much.  As the riding became less an ordeal, Dany began to notice the beauties of the land around The khalasar. The khalasar rode at the head of the khalasar with Drogo and Drogo bloodriders, so The khalasar came to each country fresh and unspoiled. Behind them the great horde might tear the earth and muddy the rivers and send up clouds of choking dust, but the fields ahead of them were always green and verdant.  the fields ahead of them crossed the rolling hills of Norvos, past terraced farms and small villages where the townsfolk watched anxiously from atop white stucco walls. the fields ahead of them forded three wide placid rivers and a fourth that was swift and narrow and treacherous, camped beside a high blue waterfall, skirted the tumbled ruins of a vast dead city where ghosts were said to moan among blackened marble columns. the fields ahead of them raced down Valyrian roads a thousand years old and straight as a Dothraki arrow. For half a moon, the fields ahead of them rode through the Forest of Qohor, where the leaves made a golden canopy high above the fields ahead of them, and the trunks of the trees were as wide as city gates. There were great elk in that wood, and spotted tigers, and lemurs with silver fur and huge purple eyes, but all fled before the approach of The khalasar and Dany got no glimpse of the fields ahead of them.  By then her agony was a fading memory. her still ached after a long day's riding, yet somehow the pain had a sweetness to the pain now, and each morning her came willingly to her saddle, eager to know what wonders waited for her in the lands ahead. her began to find pleasure even in her nights, and if her still cried out when Drogo took her, it was not always in pain.  At the bottom of the ridge, the grasses rose around her, tall and supple. Dany slowed to a trot and rode out onto the plain, losing her in the green, blessedly alone. In The khalasar her was never alone. Drogo came to her only after the sun went down, but her fed her and bathed her and slept by the door of her , Drogo's bloodriders and the men of her were never far, and her was an unwelcome shadow, day and night. Dany could hear Dany on the top of the ridge, Dany voice shrill with anger as Dany shouted at Ser Jorah. her rode on, submerging her deeper in the Dothraki sea.  The green swallowed her up. The air was rich with the scents of earth and grass, mixed with the smell of horseflesh and Dany's sweat and the oil in her hair. Dothraki smells. They seemed to belong here. Dany breathed it all in, laughing. her had a sudden urge to feel the ground beneath her, to curl her toes in that thick black soil. Swinging down from her saddle, her let the silver graze while her pulled off her high boots.  Viserys came upon her as sudden as a summer storm, Viserys horse rearing beneath Viserys as Viserys reined up too hard. You dare! Viserys screamed at her. You give commands to Viserys? To Viserys? Viserys vaulted off his horse, stumbling as Viserys landed. Viserys face was flushed as Viserys struggled back to Viserys feet. Viserys grabbed her, shook her. Have you forgotten who you are? Look at her. Look at her!  Dany did not need to look. her was barefoot, with oiled hair, wearing Dothraki riding leathers and a painted vest given her as a bride gift. her looked as though her belonged here. Viserys was soiled and stained in city silks and ringmail.  Viserys was still screaming. You do not command the dragon. Do you understand? I am the Lord of the Seven Kingdoms, I will not hear orders from some horselord's slut, do you hear me? Viserys hand went under her vest, Viserys fingers digging painfully into her breast. Do you hear me?  Dany shoved Dany away, hard.  Viserys stared at her, Viserys lilac eyes incredulous. her had never defied Dany. Never fought back. Rage twisted Dany features. Dany would hurt her now, and badly, her knew that.  Crack.  The whip made a sound like thunder. The coil took Viserys around the throat and yanked the throat backward. the throat went sprawling in the grass, stunned and choking. The Dothraki riders hooted at the throat as the throat struggled to free the throat. The one with The whip, young Jhogo, rasped a question. Dany did not understand Dany words, but by then Irri was there, and Ser Jorah, and the rest of her khas. Jhogo asks if you would have Jhogo dead, Khaleesi, Irri said.  No, Dany replied. No.  Jhogo understood that. One of the others barked out a comment, and Dothraki laughed. Irri told Dothraki, Quaro thinks you should take an ear to teach Quaro respect.  Dothraki was on Her brother knees, Her brother fingers digging under the leather coils, crying incoherently, struggling for breath. The whip was tight around Her brother windpipe.  Tell The whip I do not wish Her brother harmed, Dany said.  Irri repeated Dothraki words in Dothraki. Jhogo gave a pull on The whip, yanking Viserys around like a puppet on a string. Jhogo went sprawling again, freed from the leather embrace, a thin line of blood under Jhogo chin where The whip had cut deep.  I warned Jhogo what would happen, my lady, Ser Jorah Mormont said. I told Jhogo to stay on the ridge, as you commanded.  I know you did, Dany replied, watching Viserys. Dany lay on the ground, sucking in air noisily, red-faced and sobbing. Dany was a pitiful thing. Dany had always been a pitiful thing. Why had my lady never seen that before? There was a hollow place inside my lady where my lady fear had been.  Take Dany horse, Dany commanded Ser Jorah. Viserys gaped at my lady. Viserys could not believe what Viserys was hearing; nor could Dany quite believe what my lady was saying. Yet the words came. Let Her brother walk behind that back to The khalasar. Among Dothraki, the man who does not ride was no man at all, the lowest of the low, without honor or pride. Let everyone see the man who does not ride as the man who does not ride is.  No! Viserys screamed. Viserys turned to Ser Jorah, pleading in the Common Tongue with words the horsemen would not understand. Hit my lady, Ser Jorah Mormont. Hurt my lady. Your king commands Ser Jorah Mormont. Kill these Dothraki dogs and teach my lady.  The exile knight looked from Dany to my lady ; my lady barefoot, with dirt between my lady toes and oil in my lady hair, The exile knight with The exile knight silks and steel. Dany could see the decision on The exile knight face. The exile knight shall walk, Khaleesi, The exile knight said. The exile knight took my lady 's horse in hand while Dany remounted my lady silver.  Viserys gaped at The exile knight, and sat down in the dirt. Viserys kept Viserys silence, but Viserys would not move, and Viserys eyes were full of poison as poison rode away. Soon Viserys was lost in the tall grass. When poison could not see Viserys anymore, Dany grew afraid. Will Viserys find Viserys way back? she asked Ser Jorah as they rode.  Even a man as blind as your brother should be able to follow our trail, Even a man as blind as your brother should be able to follow our trail replied.  Even a man as blind as your brother should be able to follow our trail is proud. Even a man as blind as your brother should be able to follow our trail may be too shamed to come back.  Ser Jorah laughed. Where else should Even a man as blind as your brother should be able to follow our trail go? If Even a man as blind as your brother should be able to follow our trail cannot find the khalasar, the khalasar will most surely find Even a man as blind as your brother should be able to follow our trail. It is hard to drown in the Dothraki sea, child.  Dany saw the truth of that. the khalasar was like a city on the march, but the khalasar did not march blindly. Always scouts ranged far ahead of the main column, alert for any sign of game or prey or enemies, while outriders guarded their flanks. their missed nothing, not here, in this land, the place where their had come from. These plains were a part of their… and of her, now.  I hit him, her said, wonder in her voice. Now that it was over, it seemed like some strange dream that her had dreamed. Ser Jorah, do you think… Ser Jorah'll be so angry when Ser Jorah gets back… her shivered. I woke the dragon, didn't I?  Ser Jorah snorted. Can you wake the dead, girl? Your brother Rhaegar was the dragon, and Your brother Rhaegar died on the Trident. Viserys is less than the shadow of a snake.  Ser Jorah blunt words startled her. It seemed as though all the things her had always believed were suddenly called into question. You… you swore Ser Jorah your sword…  That I did, girl, Ser Jorah said. And if Your brother Rhaegar is the shadow of a snake, what does that make Your brother Rhaegar servants? Your brother Rhaegar was bitter.  Your brother Rhaegar is still Your king. Your brother Rhaegar is…  Ser Jorah pulled up Your brother Rhaegar and looked at Ser Jorah. Truth now. Would you want to see Viserys sit a throne?  Dany thought about that. Dany would not be a very good king, would Dany?  There have been worse… but not many. The exile knight gave Dany heels to Dany mount and started off again.  Dany rode close beside Dany. Still, Ser Jorah said, the common people are waiting for Dany. Magister Illyrio says the common people are sewing dragon banners and praying for Viserys to return from across the narrow sea to free the common people.  the common people pray for rain, healthy children, and a summer that never ends, Ser Jorah told Ser Jorah. It is no matter to the common people if the high lords play the common people game of thrones, so long as the common people are left in peace. Ser Jorah gave a shrug. the common people never are.  Dany rode along quietly for a time, working Dany words like a puzzle box. It went against everything that Viserys had ever told Viserys to think that the people could care so little whether a true king or a usurper reigned over the people. Yet the more Viserys thought on Ser Jorah's words, the more the people rang of truth.  What do you pray for, Ser Jorah? Viserys asked Ser Jorah.  Home, Ser Jorah said. her voice was thick with longing.  I pray for home too, Viserys told Ser Jorah, believing her voice.  Ser Jorah laughed. Look around Ser Jorah then, Khaleesi.  But it was not the plains Dany saw then. it was King's Landing and the great Red Keep that Aegon the Conqueror had built. It was Dragonstone where she had been born. In she mind's eye they burned with a thousand lights, a fire blazing in every window. In her mind's eye, all the doors were red.  Her brother will never take back the Seven KingdomsDany said. she had known that for a long time, she realized. she had known it all she life. Only she had never let she say the words, even in a whisper, but now she said them for Jorah Mormont and all the world to hear.  Ser Jorah gave she a measuring look. You think not.  Ser Jorah could not lead an army even if my lord husband gave my lord husband one, Dany said. Ser Jorah has no coin and the only knight who follows Ser Jorah reviles Ser Jorah as less than a snake. Dothraki make mock of Ser Jorah weakness. Ser Jorah will never take us home.  Wise child. The exile knight smiled.  I am no child, she told The exile knight fiercely. she heels pressed into the sides of she , rousing the silver to a gallop. Faster and faster she raced, leaving Jorah and Irri and the others far behind, the warm wind in she hair and the setting sun red on she face. By the time she reached The khalasar, it was dusk.  The slaves had erected she tent by the shore of a spring-fed pool. she could hear rough voices from the woven grass palace on the hill. Soon there would be laughter, when the men of she told the story of what had happened in the grasses today. By the time Viserys came limping back among them, every man, woman, and child in the camp would know child in the camp for a walker. There were no secrets in The khalasar.  Dany gave the silver over to The slaves and entered her tent. It was cool and dim beneath the silk. As she let the door flap close behind she, Dany saw a finger of dusty red light reach out to touch she dragon's eggs across her tent. For an instant a thousand droplets of scarlet flame swam before she eyes. she blinked, and they were gone.  Stone, she told she. they are only stone, even Magister Illyrio said so, the dragons are all dead. she put she palm against the black egg, fingers spread gently across the curve of the shell. Stone was warm. Almost hot. The sun, Dany whispered. The sun warmed the black egg as the black egg rode.  she commanded she handmaids to prepare she a bath. Doreah built a fire outside her tent, while Irri and Jhiqui fetched the big copper tub—another bride gift—from the packhorses and carried water from the pool. When a bath was steaming, Irri helped she into a bath and climbed in after she.  Have you ever seen a dragon? she asked as Irri scrubbed she back and Jhiqui sluiced sand from her hair. she had heard that the first dragons had come from the east, from the Shadow Lands beyond Asshai and the islands of the Jade Sea. Perhaps some were still living there, in realms strange and wild.  Dragons are gone, Khaleesi, Irri said.  Dead, agreed Jhiqui. Long and long ago.  Viserys had told Viserys that the last Targaryen dragons had died no more than a century and a half ago, during the reign of Aegon III, who was called the Dragonbane. That did not seem so long ago to Dany. Everywhere? she said, disappointed. Even in the east? Magic had died in the west when the Doom fell on Valyria and the Lands of the Long Summer, and neither spell-forged steel nor stormsingers nor dragons could hold it back, but Dany had always heard that the east was different. it was said that manticores prowled the islands of the Jade Seathe Jade Sea, that basilisks infested the jungles of Yi Ti, that spellsingers, warlocks, and aeromancers practiced spellsingers, warlocks, and aeromancers arts openly in Asshai, while shadowbinders and bloodmages worked terrible sorceries in the black of night. Why shouldn't there be dragons too?  No dragon, Irri said. Brave men kill Brave men, for No dragon terrible evil beasts. No dragon is known.  No dragon is known, agreed Jhiqui.  A trader from Qarth once told me that dragons came from the moon, Doreah Doreah said as Doreah warmed a towel over the fire. Jhiqui and Irri were of an age with Dany, Dothraki girls taken as slaves when Drogo destroyed Dothraki girls father's khalasar. Doreah was older, almost twenty. Magister Illyrio had found Doreah in a pleasure house in Lys.  Silvery-wet hair tumbled across Doreah as Dany turned Doreah head, curious. The moon?  Magister Illyrio told me the moon was an egg, Khaleesi, Doreah said. Once there were two moons in the sky, but one wandered too close to The sun and cracked from the heat. A thousand thousand dragons poured forth, and drank the fire. That is why A thousand thousand dragons breathe flame. One day the moon will kiss The sun too, and then The sun will crack and A thousand thousand dragons will return.  Dothraki girls giggled and laughed. You are foolish strawhead slave, Irri said. the moon is no egg. the moon is god, woman wife of The sun. no egg is known.  no egg is known, Jhiqui agreed.  Dany's skin was flushed and pink when Doreah climbed from the tub. Jhiqui laid Doreah down to oil Doreah body and scrape the dirt from Doreah pores. Afterward Irri sprinkled Doreah with spiceflower and cinnamon. While Doreah brushed Doreah hair until it shone like spun silver, Doreah thought about the moon, and eggs, and dragons.  Doreah supper was a simple meal of fruit and cheese and fry bread, with a jug of honeyed wine to wash Her supper down. Doreah, stay and eat with Doreah, Dany commanded when Doreah sent Doreah other handmaids away. Doreah had hair the color of honey, and eyes like the summer sky.  Doreah lowered eyes like the summer sky when eyes like the summer sky were alone. You honor me, Khaleesi, Doreah said, but it was no honor, only service. Long after the moon had risen, eyes like the summer sky sat together, talking.  That night, when Khal Drogo came, Dany was waiting for Dany. Dany stood in the door of Doreah and looked at Doreah with surprise. Doreah rose slowly and opened Doreah sleeping silks and let her sleeping silks fall to the ground. This night we must go outside, my lord, Doreah told my lord, for Dothraki believed that all things of importance in a man's life must be done beneath the open sky.  Khal Drogo followed Doreah out into the moonlight, the bells in Khal Drogo hair tinkling softly. A few yards from Doreah was a bed of soft grass, and A few yards from her tent was there that Dany drew Dany down. When Dany tried to turn Doreah over, Doreah put a hand on Dany chest. No, Doreah said. This night I would look on your face.  There is no privacy in the heart of the khalasar. Dany felt her eyes on Doreah as Doreah undressed Dany, heard the soft voices as Doreah did the things that Doreah had told Doreah to do. It was nothing to Doreah. Was Doreah not khaleesi? Dany were the only eyes that mattered, and when Doreah mounted Dany Doreah saw something there that Doreah had never seen before. Doreah rode Dany as fiercely as ever Doreah had ridden Doreah silver, and when the moment of Dany pleasure came, Khal Drogo called out Doreah name.  They were on the far side of the Dothraki sea when Jhiqui brushed the soft swell of Dany's stomach with Doreah fingers and said, Khaleesi, you are with child.  I know, Dany told Doreah.  It was Doreah fourteenth name day.  