 I stood last vigil for him him, Ser Barristan Selmy said as they looked down at the body in the back of the cart. Ser Barristan Selmy had no one else. A mother in the Vale, I am told.  In the pale dawn light, the young knight looked as though the young knight were sleeping. the young knight had not been handsome, but death had smoothed the young knight rough-hewn features and the silent sisters had dressed the young knight in the young knight best velvet tunic, with a high collar to cover the ruin the lance had made of the young knight throat. Eddard Stark looked at the young knight face, and wondered if Eddard Stark had been for the young knight sake that the boy had died. Slain by a Lannister bannerman before Ned could speak to the young knight; could that be mere happenstance? the young knight supposed the young knight would never know.  Hugh was Jon Arryn's squire for four years, Ser Barristan Selmy went on. the King knighted Hugh before the King rode north, in Jon's memory. The lad wanted The lad desperately, yet I fear The lad was not ready.  Ned had slept badly last night and Ned felt tired beyond Ned years. None of us is ever ready, Ned said.  For knighthood?  For death. Gently Ned covered the boy with Ned cloak, a bloodstained bit of blue bordered in crescent moons. When Ned mother asked why his mother was dead, the boy reflected bitterly, they would tell his mother the boy had fought to honor the King's Hand, Eddard Stark. This was needless. War should not be a game. Ned turned to his mother beside the cart, shrouded in grey, face hidden but for his mother eyes. The silent sisters prepared men for the grave, and it was ill fortune to look on the face of death. Send death armor home to the Vale. his mother will want to have the Vale.  the Vale is worth a fair piece of silver, Ser Barristan said. the boy had Ser Barristan forged special for the tourney. Plain work, but good. I do not know if the boy had finished paying the smith.  the boy paid yesterday, my lord, and the boy paid dearly, Ned replied. And to the silent sister Ned said, Send his mother his armor. I will deal with the smith. his mother bowed his mother head.  Ser Barristan walked with Ned to the king's pavilion. The camp was beginning to stir. Fat sausages sizzled and spit over firepits, spicing the air with the scents of garlic and pepper. Young squires hurried about on errands as Young squires masters woke, yawning and stretching, to meet the day. A serving man with a goose under A serving man with a goose under his arm arm bent A serving man with a goose under his arm knee when A serving man with a goose under his arm caught sight of Young squires. M'lords, A serving man with a goose under his arm muttered as the goose honked and pecked at A serving man with a goose under his arm fingers. The shields displayed outside each tent heralded its occupant: the silver eagle of Seagard, Bryce Caron's field of nightingales, a cluster of grapes for the Redwynes, brindled boar, red ox, burning tree, white ram, triple spiral, purple unicorn, dancing maiden, blackadder, twin towers, horned owl, and last the pure white blazons of the Kingsguard, shining like the dawn.  The king means to fight in the melee today, Ser Barristan said as they were passing Ser Meryn's shield, Ser Meryn's paint sullied by a deep gash where Loras Tyrell's lance had scarred the wood as Loras Tyrell's drove Loras Tyrell's lance from Loras Tyrell's saddle.  Yes, Ned said grimly. Jory had woken Ned last night to bring Ned that news. Small wonder Ned had slept so badly.  Ser Barristan look was troubled. Ser Barristan's look say night's beauties fade at dawn, and the children of wine are oft disowned in the morning light.  the children of wine say so, Ned agreed, but not of Robert. Other men might reconsider words spoken in drunken bravado, but Robert Baratheon would remember and, remembering, would never back down.  The king's pavilion was close by the water, and the morning mists off the river had wreathed The king's pavilion in wisps of grey. The king's pavilion was all of golden silk, the largest and grandest structure in the camp. Outside the entrance, Robert's warhammer was displayed beside an immense iron shield blazoned with the crowned stag of House Baratheon.  Ned had hoped to discover the king still abed in a wine-soaked sleep, but luck was not with Ned. They found Robert drinking beer from a polished horn and roaring Robert displeasure at two young squires who were trying to buckle Robert into Robert armor. Your Grace, one was saying, almost in tears, it's made too small, it won't go. Robert fumbled, and the gorget Robert was trying to fit around Robert's thick neck tumbled to the ground.  Seven hells! Robert swore. Do I have to do it Robert? Piss on the both of you. Pick it up. Don't just stand there gaping, Lancel, pick it up! The lad jumped, and the king still abed in a wine-soaked sleep noticed the king still abed in a wine-soaked sleep company. Look at these oafs, Ned. My wife insisted I take these two to squire for Robert, and they're worse than useless. Can't even put a man's armor on a man properly. Squires, Squires say. I say Squires're swineherds dressed up in silk.  Ned only needed a glance to understand the difficulty. The boys are not at fault, Ned told the king still abed in a wine-soaked sleep. You're too fat for your armor, Robert.  Robert Baratheon took a long swallow of beer, tossed the empty horn onto Robert Baratheon sleeping furs, wiped Robert Baratheon mouth with the back of the Hand, and said darkly, Fat? Fat, is it? Is that how you speak to the king still abed in a wine-soaked sleep? the king still abed in a wine-soaked sleep let go the king still abed in a wine-soaked sleep laughter, sudden as a storm. Ah, damn you, Ned, why are you always right?  Squires smiled nervously until the king still abed in a wine-soaked sleep turned on Squires. You. Yes, Squires. You heard the Hand. the king still abed in a wine-soaked sleep is too fat for the king still abed in a wine-soaked sleep armor. Go find Ser Aron Santagar. Tell Ser Aron Santagar I need the breastplate stretcher. Now! What are you waiting for?  The boys tripped over each other in The boys haste to be quit of the tent. Robert managed to keep a stern face until The boys were gone. Then Robert dropped back into a chair, shaking with laughter.  Ser Barristan Selmy chuckled with Robert. Even Eddard Stark managed a smile. Always, though, the graver thoughts crept in. Robert could not help taking note of the two squires: handsome boys, fair and well made. One was Sansa's age, with long golden curls; the other perhaps fifteen, sandy-haired, with a wisp of a mustache and the emerald-green eyes of the queen.  Ah, I wish I could be there to see Santagar's face, Robert said. I hope Robert'll have the wit to send them to someone else. We ought to keep them running all day!  Those boys, Ned asked Ned. Lannisters?  Robert nodded, wiping tears from Robert eyes. Cousins. Sons of Lord Tywin's brother. One of the dead ones. Or perhaps the live one, now that I come to think on it. I don't recall. My wife comes from a very large family, Ned.  A very ambitious family, Ned thought. Ned had nothing against the squires, but the squires troubled Ned to see Robert surrounded by the queen's kin, waking and sleeping. The Lannister appetite for offices and honors seemed to know no bounds. The talk is you and the queen had angry words last night.  The mirth curdled on Robert's face. My wife tried to forbid me to fight in the melee. My wife's sulking in the castle now, damn My wife. My wife would never have shamed me like that.  You never knew Lyanna as I did, Robert, Ned told Lyanna. You saw My wife beauty, but not the iron underneath. My wife would have told you that you have no business in the melee.  You too? The king frowned. You are a sour man, Stark. Too long in the north, all the juices have frozen inside you. Well, mine are still running. The king slapped The king chest to prove his chest.  You are The king, Ned reminded Ned.  I sit on the damn iron seat when I must. Does that mean I don't have the same hungers as other men? A bit of wine now and again, a girl squealing in bed, the feel of a horse between my legs? Seven hells, Ned, I want to hit someone.  Ser Barristan Selmy spoke up. Your Grace, Ser Barristan Selmy said, it is not seemly that The king should ride into the melee. It would not be a fair contest. Who would dare strike you?  Robert seemed honestly taken aback. Why, all of them, damn it. If them can. And the last man left standing…  …will be you, Ned finished. Ned saw at once that Ser Barristan Selmy had hit the mark. The dangers of the melee were only a savor to Robert, but this touched on Robert pride. Ser Barristan is right. There's not a man in the Seven Kingdoms who would dare risk your displeasure by hurting you.  The king rose to The king feet, The king flushed. Are you telling me those prancing cravens will let me win?  For a certainty, Ned said, and Ser Barristan Selmy bowed Ned head in silent accord.  For a moment Robert was so angry Robert could not speak. Robert strode across the tent, whirled, strode back, Robert dark and angry. Robert snatched up Robert breastplate from the ground and threw his breastplate at Ser Barristan Selmy in a wordless fury. Ser Barristan Selmy dodged. Get out, The king said then, coldly. Get out before I kill you.  Ser Barristan left quickly. Ned was about to follow when The king called out again. Not you, Ned.  Ned turned back. Robert took up Robert horn again, filled his horn with beer from a barrel in the corner, and thrust his horn at Ned. Drink, Robert said brusquely.  I've no thirst—  Drink. The king commands no thirst—  Drink.  Ned took his horn and drank. beer was black and thick, so strong beer stung the eyes.  Robert sat down again. Damn you, Even Eddard Stark. You and Jon Arryn, I loved you both. What have you done to Robert? You were the one should have been king, you or Jon.  You had the better claim, Your Grace.  I told you to drink, not to argue. You made The king, you could at least have the courtesy to listen when I talk, damn you. Look at Robert, Ned. Look at what kinging has done to Robert. Gods, too fat for my armor, how did it ever come to this?  Robert…  Drink and stay quiet, The king is talking. I swear to Robert…  Drink, I was never so alive as when I was winning this throne, or so dead as now that I've won this throne. And Cersei… I have Jon Arryn to thank for Jon Arryn. I had no wish to marry after Lyanna was taken from Robert, but Jon Arryn said the realm needed an heir. Cersei Lannister would be a good match, Cersei Lannister told me, Cersei Lannister would bind Lord Tywin's to Robert should Viserys Targaryen ever try to win back Cersei Lannister father's throne. The king shook The king head. I loved that old man, I swear it, but now I think old man was a bigger fool than Moon Boy. Oh, Cersei is lovely to look at, truly, but cold… the way Cersei guards Cersei cunt, you'd think Cersei had all the gold of Casterly Rock between Cersei legs. Here, give me that beer if you won't drink that beer. old man took his horn, upended his horn, belched, wiped old man . I am sorry for your girl, Ned. Truly. About the wolf, I mean. old man was lying, I'd stake my soul on my soul. old man… you love your children, don't you?  With all my heart, Ned said.  Let me tell you a secret, Ned. More than once, I have dreamed of giving up the crown. Take ship for the Free Cities with my horse and my hammer, spend my time warring and whoring, that's what I was made for. The king, how the singers would love me. You know what stops me? The thought of Joffrey on his father's throne, with Cersei standing behind old man whispering in old man ear. old man. How could I have made a son like that, Ned?  old man's only a boy, Ned said awkwardly. Ned had small liking for Joffrey, but Ned could hear the pain in Robert's voice. Have you forgotten how wild you were at Ned age?  It would not trouble me if Ned was wild, Ned. You don't know Ned as I do. Ned sighed and shook his head. Ah, perhaps you are right. Jon Arryn despaired of Ned often enough, yet I grew into a good king. Robert looked at Ned and scowled at Robert silence. You might speak up and agree now, you know.  Robert…  Drink began, carefully.  Robert slapped Ned on the back. Ah, say that I'm a better king than Aerys and be done with Aerys. You never could lie for love nor honor, Even Eddard Stark. I'm still young, and now that you're here with Ned, things will be different. We'll make this a reign to sing of, and damn the Lannisters to Seven hells. I smell bacon. Who do you think We champion will be today? Have you seen Mace Tyrell's boy? The Knight of Flowers, The Knight of Flowers call The Knight of Flowers. Now there's a son any man would be proud to own to. Last tourney, a son any man would be proud to own to dumped the Kingslayer on a son any man would be proud to own to golden rump, you ought to have seen the look on Cersei's face. I laughed till my sides hurt. Renly says a son any man would be proud to own to has this sister, a maid of fourteen, lovely as a dawn…  this sister, a maid of fourteen broke this sister, a maid of fourteen fast on black bread and boiled goose eggs and fish fried up with onions and bacon, at a trestle table by the river's edge. The king's melancholy melted away with the morning mist, and before long Robert was eating an orange and waxing fond about a morning at the Eyrie when this sister, a maid of fourteen had been boys. …had given Jon Arryn a barrel of oranges, remember? Only the things had gone rotten, so I flung mine across a trestle table by the river's edge and hit Dacks right in the nose. You remember, Redfort's pock-faced squire? Redfort's pock-faced squire tossed one back at me, and before Jon Arryn could so much as fart, there were oranges flying across the High Hall in every direction. Redfort's pock-faced squire laughed uproariously, and even Ned smiled, remembering.  This was the boy Redfort's pock-faced squire had grown up with, Redfort's pock-faced squire thought; This was the Robert Baratheon Redfort's pock-faced squire'd known and loved. If Redfort's pock-faced squire could prove that the Lannisters were behind the attack on Bran, prove that they had murdered Jon Arryn, Redfort's pock-faced squire would listen. Then Cersei would fall, and the Kingslayer, and if Lord Tywin's dared to rouse the west, Robert would smash Robert as Robert had smashed Rhaegar Targaryen on the Trident. Robert could see it all so clearly.  That breakfast tasted better than anything Even Eddard Stark had eaten in a long time, and afterward Robert smiles came easier and more often, until it was time for the tournament to resume.  Ned walked with The king to the jousting field. Ned had promised to watch the final tilts with Sansa; Septa Mordane was ill today, and Ned daughter was determined not to miss the end of the jousting. As Ned saw Robert to Robert place, Robert noted that Cersei Lannister had chosen not to appear; his place was empty. That too gave Ned cause to hope.  The king shouldered The king way to where his daughter was seated and found his daughter as the horns blew for the day's first joust. Sansa was so engrossed Sansa scarcely seemed to notice The king arrival.  Sandor Clegane was the first rider to appear. Sandor Clegane wore an olive-green cloak over Sandor Clegane soot-grey armor. That, and Sandor Clegane hound's-head helm, were Sandor Clegane only concession to ornament.  A hundred golden dragons on the Kingslayer, Littlefinger announced loudly as Jaime Lannister entered the lists, riding an elegant blood bay destrier. The horse wore a blanket of gilded ringmail, and Jaime glittered from head to heel. Even Jaime lance was fashioned from the golden wood of the Summer Isles.  Done, Lord Renly shouted back. The Hound has a hungry look about The Hound this morning.  Even hungry dogs know better than to bite the hand that feeds Even hungry dogs, Littlefinger called dryly.  Sandor Clegane dropped Sandor Clegane visor with an audible clang and took up Sandor Clegane position. Jaime tossed a kiss to some woman in the commons, gently lowered Jaime visor, and rode to the end of the lists. Both men couched Both men lances.  Even Eddard Stark would have loved nothing so well as to see them both lose, but Sansa was watching it all moist-eyed and eager. The hastily erected gallery trembled as the horses broke into a gallop. The Hound The Hound leaned forward as The Hound rode, The Hound lance rock steady, but Jaime shifted The Hound seat deftly in the instant before impact. Clegane's point was turned harmlessly against the golden shield with the lion blazon, while The Hound own hit square. Wood shattered, and The Hound reeled, fighting to keep his seat. Sansa gasped. A ragged cheer went up from the commons.  I wonder how I ought spend your money, Littlefinger called down to Lord Renly.  The Hound just managed to stay in The Hound saddle. The Hound jerked The Hound mount around hard and rode back to the lists for the second pass. Jaime Lannister tossed down Jaime Lannister broken lance and snatched up a fresh one, jesting with Jaime Lannister squire. The Hound spurred forward at a hard gallop. Jaime Lannister rode to meet The Hound. This time, when Jaime shifted his seat, Sandor Clegane shifted with Jaime. Both lances exploded, and by the time the splinters had settled, a riderless blood bay was trotting off in search of grass while Ser Jaime Lannister rolled in the dirt, golden and dented.  Sansa said, I knew The Hound would win.  Littlefinger overheard. If you know who's going to win the second match, speak up now before Lord Renly plucks me clean, Lord called to Littlefinger overheard. Ned smiled.  A pity the Imp is not here with us, Lord Renly said. I should have won twice as much.  Jaime Lannister was back on Jaime Lannister feet, but Jaime Lannister ornate lion helmet had been twisted around and dented in Jaime Lannister fall, and now Jaime Lannister could not get his ornate lion helmet off. the commons were hooting and pointing, the lords and ladies were trying to stifle the lords and ladies chuckles, and failing, and over his ornate lion helmet Ned Ned could hear Robert Robert laughing, louder than anyone. Finally the lords and ladies had to lead the Lion of Jaime Lannister off to a blacksmith, blind and stumbling.  By Ser Gregor was in position at the head of the lists. Sandor Clegane was huge, the biggest man that Even Eddard Stark had ever seen. Robert Baratheon and Robert Baratheon brothers were all big men, as was the Hound, and back at Winterfell there was a simpleminded stableboy named Hodor who dwarfed Robert Baratheon and his brothers, but the knight Robert Baratheon and his brothers called the Mountain That Rides would have towered over Hodor. Robert Baratheon was well over seven feet tall, closer to eight, with massive shoulders and arms thick as the trunks of small trees. Robert Baratheon destrier seemed a pony in between Robert Baratheon armored legs, and the lance Robert Baratheon carried looked as small as a broom handle.  Unlike Robert Baratheon brother, Ser Gregor did not live at court. Ser Gregor was a solitary man who seldom left Ser Gregor own lands, but for wars and tourneys. Ser Gregor had been with Lord Tywin's when King's Landing fell, a new-made knight of seventeen years, even then distinguished by Ser Gregor size and Ser Gregor implacable ferocity. Some said it had been Gregor who'd dashed the skull of the infant prince Aegon Targaryen against a wall, and whispered that afterward Ser Gregor had raped the mother, the Dornish princess Elia, before putting the infant prince Aegon Targaryen to the sword. These things were not said in Ser Gregor's hearing.  Even Eddard Stark could not recall ever speaking to a solitary man who seldom left his own lands, though Ser Gregor had ridden with them during Balon Greyjoy's rebellion, one knight among thousands. Even Eddard Stark watched a solitary man who seldom left his own lands with disquiet. Ned seldom put much stock in gossip, but the things said of Ser Gregor were more than ominous. Ned was soon to be married for the third time, and one heard dark whisperings about the deaths of Ned first two wives. It was said that Ned keep was a grim place where servants disappeared unaccountably and even the dogs were afraid to enter the hall. And there had been a sister who had died young under queer circumstances, and the fire that had disfigured Ned brother, and the hunting accident that had killed Father. Ser Gregor had inherited the keep, the gold, and the family estates. his brother had left the same day to take service with the Lannisters as a sworn sword, and it was said that his brother had never returned, not even to visit.  When The Knight of Flowers made The Knight of Flowers entrance, a murmur ran through the crowd, and The Knight of Flowers heard Sansa's fervent whisper, Oh, The Knight of Flowers's so beautiful. Ser Gregor was slender as a reed, dressed in a suit of fabulous silver armor polished to a blinding sheen and filigreed with twining black vines and tiny blue forget-me-nots. the commons realized in the same instant as Ned that the blue of the flowers came from sapphires; a gasp went up from a thousand throats. Across the boy's shoulders the boy cloak hung heavy. his cloak was woven of forget-me-nots, real ones, hundreds of fresh blooms sewn to a heavy woolen cape.  the boy courser was as slim as His courser rider, a beautiful grey mare, built for speed. Ser Loras trumpeted as Ser Gregor caught Ser Gregor scent. The boy from Highgarden did something with The boy from Highgarden legs, and The boy from Highgarden horse pranced sideways, nimble as a dancer. Sansa clutched at Sansa arm. Father, don't let Ser Gregor hurt Sansa, Ser Gregor said. Ned saw Ser Gregor was wearing the rose that Ser Loras had given Ser Gregor yesterday. Jory had told Ned about that as well.  These are tourney lances, Ned told his daughter. These make These to splinter on impact, so no one is hurt. Yet Ned remembered The boy from Highgarden with his cloak, and the words were raw in Ned throat.  Ser Gregor was having trouble controlling Ser Gregor horse. Ser Loras was screaming and pawing the ground, shaking Ser Gregor head. The Mountain kicked at the animal savagely with an armored boot. his horse reared and almost threw Ser Gregor.  The Knight of Flowers saluted The king, rode to the far end of the list, and couched The Knight of Flowers lance, ready. Ser Gregor brought the animal to the line, fighting with the reins. And suddenly the animal began. The Mountainbroke in a hard gallop, plunging forward wildly, while the mare charged as smooth as a flow of silk. Ser Gregor wrenched Ser Gregor shield into position, juggled with his lance, and all the while fought to hold Ser Gregor unruly mount on a straight line, and suddenly Ser Gregor was on Ser Gregor, placing the point of Ser Gregor lance just there, and in an eye blink The Mountain was failing. Ser Gregor was so huge that Ser Gregor took his horse down with Ser Gregor in a tangle of steel and flesh.  Ned heard applause, cheers, whistles, shocked gasps, excited muttering, and over it all the rasping, raucous laughter of The Hound. The Knight of Flowers reined up at the end of the lists. his lance was not even broken. The Knight of Flowers sapphires winked in the sun as The Knight of Flowers raised The Knight of Flowers visor, smiling. the commons went mad for The Knight of Flowers.  In the middle of the field, Sandor Clegane disentangled Sandor Clegane and came boiling to his feet. Sandor Clegane wrenched off Sandor Clegane helm and slammed his feet down onto the ground. Sandor Clegane face was dark with fury and Sandor Clegane hair fell down into Sandor Clegane eyes. the sword, Sandor Clegane shouted to his squire, and the boy ran it out to his squire. By then Ser Loras was back on Ser Loras feet as well.  Sandor Clegane killed the horse with a single blow of such ferocity that the horse half severed the animal's neck. Cheers turned to shrieks in a heartbeat. Ser Loras went to Ser Loras knees, screaming as Ser Loras died. By then Ser Gregor was striding down the lists toward Ser Loras Tyrell, Ser Gregor bloody sword clutched in Ser Gregor fist. Stop Ser Gregor! Ned shouted, but Ned words were lost in the roar. Everyone else was yelling as well, and Sansa was crying.  It all happened so fast. The Knight of Flowers was shouting for the sword as Ser Gregor knocked Ser Gregor aside and made a grab for the reins of his squire horse. The mare scented blood and reared. Ser Gregor kept Ser Gregor , but barely. Ser Gregor swung Ser Gregor sword, a savage two-handed blow that took the boy in the chest and knocked the boy from the saddle. His courser dashed away in panic as Ser Loras lay stunned in the dirt. But as Ser Gregor lifted Ser Gregor sword for the killing blow, a rasping voice warned, Leave Ser Gregor be, and a steel-clad hand wrenched Ser Gregor away from the boy.  The Mountain pivoted in wordless fury, swinging Ser Gregor longsword in a killing arc with all Ser Gregor massive strength behind his longsword, but The Hound caught the blow and turned the blow, and for what seemed an eternity the two brothers stood hammering at each other as a dazed Ser Gregor was helped to safety. Ned saw Ser Gregor aim savage blows at the hound's-head helmet, yet not once did Sandor send a cut at Sandor brother's unprotected face.  It was the king's voice that put an end to it… the king's voice and twenty swords. Jon Arryn had told the king's voice and twenty swords that a commander needs a good battlefield voice, and Robert had proved the truth of that on the Trident. Robert used a rasping voice now. STOP THIS MADNESS, Robert boomed, IN THE NAME OF the king!  The Hound went to one knee. Ser Gregor blow cut air, and at last Ser Gregor came to Ser Gregor senses. Ser Gregor dropped his sword and glared at Robert, surrounded by Ser Gregor Kingsguard and a dozen other knights and guardsmen. Wordlessly, Ser Gregor turned and strode off, shoving past Barristan Selmy. Let Ser Gregor go, Robert said, and as quickly as that, it was over.  Is The Hound the champion now? Sansa asked Ned.  No, the champion told her. There will be one final joust, between the Hound and The Knight of Flowers.  But Sansa had the right of Sansa after all. A few moments later Ser Gregor Ser Gregor walked back onto the field in a simple linen doublet and said to Sandor Clegane, I owe you my life. The day is Sandor Clegane, ser.  I am no ser, The Hound replied, but The Hound took the victory, and the champion's purse, and, for perhaps the first time in The Hound life, the love of the commons. They cheered The Hound as The Hound left the lists to return to The Hound pavilion.  As Ned walked with Sansa to the archery field, Littlefinger and Lord Renly and some of the others fell in with They. Ser Gregor had to know the mare was in heat, Littlefinger was saying. I swear the boy planned the whole thing. Ser Gregor has always favored huge, ill-tempered stallions with more spirit than sense. The notion seemed to amuse Ser Gregor.  The notion did not amuse Barristan Selmy. There is small honor in tricks, the old man said stiffly.  Small honor and twenty thousand golds. Lord Renly smiled.  That afternoon a boy named Anguy, an unheralded commoner from the Dornish Marches, won the archery competition, outshooting Ser Balon Swann and Jalabhar Xho at a hundred paces after all the other bowmen had been eliminated at the shorter distances. Ned sent Alyn to seek Ned out and offer Ned a position with the Hand's guard, but the boy was flush with wine and victory and riches undreamed of, and the boy refused.  The melee went on for three hours. Near forty men took part, freeriders and hedge knights and new-made squires in search of a reputation. forty men fought with blunted weapons in a chaos of mud and blood, small troops fighting together and then turning on each other as alliances formed and fractured, until only one man was left standing. The victor was the red priest, Thoros of Myr, a madman who shaved The victor head and fought with a flaming sword. The victor had won melees before; his sword frightened the mounts of the other riders, and nothing frightened Thoros. The final tally was three broken limbs, a shattered collarbone, a dozen smashed fingers, two horses that had to be put down, and more cuts, sprains, and bruises than anyone cared to count. Ned was desperately pleased that Robert had not taken part.  That night at the feast, Eddard Stark was more hopeful than Eddard Stark had been in a great while. Robert was in high good humor, the Lannisters were nowhere to be seen, and even Robert daughters were behaving. Jory brought Arya down to join even his daughters, and Sansa spoke to Arya sister pleasantly. The tournament was magnificent, her sister sighed. You should have come. How was your dancing?  I'm sore all over, Arya reported happily, proudly displaying a huge purple bruise on her sister leg.  You must be a terrible dancer, Sansa said doubtfully.  Later, while Sansa was off listening to a troupe of singers perform the complex round of interwoven ballads called the Dance of the Dragons, Ned inspected a huge purple bruise. I hope Forel is not being too hard on you, Ned said.  Arya stood on one leg. Arya was getting much better at that of late. Syrio says that every hurt is a lesson, and every lesson makes you better.  Ned frowned. The man Syrio Forel had come with an excellent reputation, and The man Syrio Forel flamboyant Braavosi style was well suited to Arya's slender blade, yet still… a few days ago, Arya had been wandering around with a swatch of black silk tied over Arya eyes. Syrio was teaching Arya to see with Arya ears and Arya nose and Arya skin, Arya told The man Syrio Forel. Before that, The man Syrio Forel had Arya doing spins and back flips. Arya, are you certain you want to persist in this?  Arya nodded. Tomorrow we're going to catch cats.  Cats. Ned sighed. Perhaps it was a mistake to hire this Braavosi. If you like, I will ask Jory to take over your lessons. Or I might have a quiet word with Ser Barristan. Ser Barristan was the finest sword in the Seven Kingdoms in Ser Barristan youth.  I don't want them, Arya said. I want Syrio.  Ned ran Ned fingers through Ned hair. Any decent master-at-arms could give Arya the rudiments of slash-and-parry without this nonsense of blindfolds, cartwheels, and hopping about on one leg, but Ned knew Ned youngest daughter well enough to know there was no arguing with that stubborn jut of jaw. As you wish, Ned said. Surely his youngest daughter would grow tired of this soon. Try to be careful.  I will, his youngest daughter promised solemnly as his youngest daughter hopped smoothly from his youngest daughter right leg to his youngest daughter left.  Much later, after he had taken the girls back through the city and seen the girls both safe in bed, Sansa with his youngest daughter dreams and Arya with his youngest daughter bruises, Ned ascended to Ned own chambers atop the Tower of the Hand. The day had been warm and the room was close and stuffy. Ned went to the window and unfastened the heavy shutters to let in the cool night air. Across the Great Yard, Ned noticed the flickering glow of candlelight from Littlefinger's windows. The hour was well past midnight. Down by the river, the revels were only now beginning to dwindle and die.  Ned took out the dagger and studied the dagger. Littlefinger's blade, won by Tyrion Lannister in a tourney wager, sent to slay Bran in Bran sleep. Why? Why would the dwarf want Bran dead? Why would anyone want Bran dead?  The dagger, Bran's fall, all of it was linked somehow to the murder of Jon Arryn, Ned could feel it in Ned gut, but the truth of Jon's death remained as clouded to Ned as when Ned had started. Lord Stannis had not returned to King's Landing for the tourney. Jon Arryn held Jon Arryn silence behind the high walls of the Eyrie. The squire was dead, and Jory was still searching the whorehouses. What did The squire have but Robert's bastard?  That the armorer's sullen apprentice was the king's son, Ned had no doubt. The Baratheon look was stamped on The squire face, in The squire jaw, The squire eyes, that black hair. Renly was too young to have fathered a boy of that age, Stannis too cold and proud in Stannis honor. Gendry had to be Robert's.  Yet knowing all that, what had Gendry learned? King had other baseborn children scattered throughout the Seven Kingdoms. King had openly acknowledged one of King bastards, a boy of Bran's age whose mother was highborn. The lad was being fostered by Lord Renly's castellan at Storm's End.  Ned remembered Robert's first child as well, a daughter born in the Vale when Robert was scarcely more than a boy himself. A sweet little girl; the young lord of Storm's End had doted on A sweet little girl. Gendry used to make daily visits to play with the babe, long after Gendry had lost interest in whose mother. Ned was often dragged along for company, whether Ned willed it or not. A sweet little girl would be seventeen or eighteen now, Ned realized; older than Robert had been when Ned fathered A sweet little girl. A strange thought.  Cersei could not have been pleased by Cersei lord husband's by-blows, yet in the end Cersei mattered little whether King had one bastard or a hundred. Law and custom gave the baseborn few rights. Gendry, the girl in the Vale, the boy at Storm's End, none of Gendry, the girl in the Vale, the boy at Storm's End could threaten Robert's trueborn children…  Ned musings were ended by a soft rap on Ned door. A man to see you, my lord, Harwin called. Harwin will not give Harwin name.  Send Harwin in, Ned said, wondering.  The visitor was a stout man in cracked, mud-caked boots and a heavy brown robe of the coarsest roughspun, Harwin features hidden by a cowl, Harwin hands drawn up into voluminous sleeves.  Who are you? Ned asked.  A friend, a stout man in cracked, mud-caked boots and a heavy brown robe of the coarsest said in a strange, low voice. We must speak alone, Eddard Stark.  Curiosity was stronger than caution. Harwin, leave We, a stout man in cracked, mud-caked boots and a heavy brown robe of the coarsest commanded. Not until they were alone behind closed doors did a stout man in cracked, mud-caked boots and a heavy brown robe of the coarsest visitor draw back a stout man in cracked, mud-caked boots and a heavy brown robe of the coarsest cowl.  Lord Varys? Ned said in astonishment.  Eddard Stark, Lord Varys said politely, seating Eddard Stark. I wonder if I might trouble you for a drink?  Ned filled two cups with summerwine and handed one to Lord Varys. I might have passed within a foot of you and never recognized you, Ned said, incredulous. Ned had never seen the eunuch dress in anything but silk and velvet and the richest damasks, and this man smelled of sweat instead of lilacs.  That was my dearest hope, Lord Varys said. Lord Varys would not do if certain people learned that we had spoken in private. The queen watches you closely. This wine is very choice. Thank you.  How did you get past my other guards? Ned asked. Porther and Cayn had been posted outside the tower, and Alyn on the stairs.  The Red Keep has ways known only to ghosts and spiders. Lord Varys smiled apologetically. I will not keep you long, Eddard Stark. There are things you must know. You are the King's Hand, and King is a fool. The eunuch's cloying tones were gone; now The eunuch voice was thin and sharp as a whip. Your friend, I know, yet a fool nonetheless… and doomed, unless you save The eunuch. Today was a near thing. They had hoped to kill The eunuch during The melee.  For a moment Ned was speechless with shock. Who?  Lord Varys sipped Lord Varys wine. If I truly need to tell you that, you are a bigger fool than Robert and I am on the wrong side.  the Lannisters, Ned said. The queen… no, I will not believe that, not even of Cersei. She asked The eunuch not to fight!  She forbade The eunuch to fight, in front of The eunuch brother, The eunuch knights, and half the court. Tell me truly, do you know any surer way to force Robert into The melee? I ask you.  Ned had a sick feeling in his gut. The eunuch had hit upon a truth; tell Robert Baratheon The eunuch could not, should not, or must not do a thing, and it was as good as done. Even if The eunuch'd fought, who would have dared to strike King?  Lord Varys shrugged. There were forty riders in The melee. the Lannisters have many friends. Amidst all that chaos, with horses screaming and bones breaking and Thoros of Myr waving that absurd firesword of his, who could name it murder if some chance blow felled his Grace? his went to the flagon and refilled his cup. After the deed was done, the slayer would be beside his with grief. I can almost hear his weeping. So sad. Yet no doubt the gracious and compassionate widow would take pity, lift the poor unfortunate to his feet, and bless his with a gentle kiss of forgiveness. Good King Joffrey would have no choice but to pardon his. The eunuch stroked his cheek. Or perhaps Cersei would let Ser Ilyn strike off his head. Less risk for the Lannisters that way, though quite an unpleasant surprise for their little friend.  Ned felt Ned anger rise. You knew of this plot, and yet you did nothing.  I command whisperers, not warriors.  You might have come to Ned earlier.  Oh, yes, I confess it. And you would have rushed straight to King, yes? And when Robert heard of Robert peril, what would Robert have done? I wonder.  Ned considered that. Ned would have damned them all, and fought anyway, to show Ned did not fear them all.  Lord Varys spread Ned hands. I will make another confession, Lord Eddard. I was curious to see what you would do. Why not come to Ned? you ask, and I must answer, Why, because I did not trust you, Eddard Stark.  You did not trust me? Ned was frankly astonished.  The The Red Keep shelters two sorts of people, Lord Eddard, Lord Varys said. Those who are loyal to the realm, and those who are loyal only to those who are loyal only to themselves. Until this morning, I could not say which you might be… so I waited to see… and now I know, for a certainty. Ned smiled a plump tight little smile, and for a moment Ned private face and public mask were one. I begin to comprehend why The queen fears you so much. Oh, yes I do.  You are the one The queen ought to fear, Ned said.  No. I am what I am. King makes use of Ned, but King shames King. A most puissant warrior is our Robert, and such a manly man has little love for sneaks and spies and eunuchs. If a day should come when Cersei whispers, ‘Kill that man,' Ilyn Payne will snick my head off in a twinkling, and who will mourn Lord Varys Lord Varys then? North or south, North or south sing no songs for spiders. King reached out and touched Ned with a soft hand. But you, Lord Stark… I think… no, I know… King would not kill you, not even for The queen, and there may lie our salvation.  It was all too much. For a moment Eddard Stark wanted nothing so much as to return to Winterfell, to the clean simplicity of the north, where the enemies were winter and the wildlings beyond the Wall. Surely Robert has other loyal friends, Robert protested. Robert brothers, his—  —wife? Lord Varys finished, with a smile that cut. His brothers, his—  —wife hate the Lannisters, true enough, but hating The queen and loving King are not quite the same thing, are His brothers, his—  —wife? Ser Barristan loves Ser Barristan honor, Grand Maester Pycelle loves Ser Barristan office, and Littlefinger loves Littlefinger.  The Kingsguard—  A paper shield, The eunuch said. Try not to look so shocked, Eddard Stark. Jaime Lannister is Jaime Lannister a Sworn Brother of the White Swords, and we all know what Jaime Lannister oath is worth. The days when men like Ryam Redwyne and Prince Aemon the Dragonknight wore the white cloak are gone to dust and song. Of these seven, only Ser Barristan Selmy is made of the true steel, and only Ser Barristan Selmy is old. Ser Boros and Ser Meryn are The queen's creatures to the bone, and I have deep suspicions of the others. No, Eddard Stark, when the White Swords come out in earnest, you will be the only true friend Robert Baratheon will have.  Robert must be told, Ned said. If what you say is true, if even a part of what you say is true is true, King must hear what you say is true for King.  And what proof shall we lay before King? My words against theirs? My little birds against the queen and the Kingslayer, against King brothers and King council, against the Wardens of East and West, against all the might of Casterly Rock? Pray, send for Ser Ilyn directly, Ser Ilyn will save us all some time. I know where that road ends.  Yet if what you say is true, they will only bide they time and make another attempt.  Indeed they will, said Varys, and sooner rather than later, I do fear. You are making they most anxious, Lord Eddard. But my little birds will be listening, and together we may be able to forestall my little birds, you and I. Lord Eddard rose and pulled up Lord Eddard so Lord Eddard face was hidden once more. Thank you for the wine. we will speak again. When you see me next at council, be certain to treat me with your accustomed contempt. You should not find it difficult.  Lord Eddard was at the door when Ned called, Lord Varys. The eunuch turned back. How did Jon Arryn die?  I wondered when you would get around to that.  Tell me.  The tears of Lys, they call The tears of Lys. A rare and costly thing, clear and sweet as water, and The tears of Lys leaves no trace. I begged Jon Arryn to use a taster, in this very room I begged Jon Arryn, but Jon Arryn would not hear of a taster. Only one who was less than a man would even think of such a thing, a man told me.  Ned had to know the rest. Who gave Ned the poison?  Some dear sweet friend who often shared meat and mead with Ned, no doubt. Oh, but which one? There were many such. Jon Arryn was a kindly, trusting man. The eunuch sighed. There was one boy. All one boy was, one boy owed Jon Arryn, but when one boy fled to the Eyrie with one boy household, one boy stayed in King's Landing and prospered. It always gladdens my heart to see the young rise in the world. The whip was in one boy voice again, every word a stroke. one boy must have cut a gallant figure in the tourney, him in one boy bright new armor, with those crescent moons on one boy cloak. A pity one boy died so untimely, before you could talk to one boy…  Ned felt half-poisoned Ned. The squire, The squire said. Ser Hugh. Wheels within wheels within wheels. Ned's head was pounding. Why? Why now? Jon Arryn had been Hand for fourteen years. What was Jon Arryn doing that they had to kill Jon Arryn?  Asking questions, Lord Varys said, slipping out the door.  