 As   stood in the predawn chill watching Chiggen butcher   horse, Tyrion Lannister chalked up one more debt owed the Starks. Steam rose from inside the carcass when the squat sellsword opened the belly with   skinning knife.   hands moved deftly, with never a wasted cut; the work had to be done quickly, before the stink of blood brought shadowcats down from the heights.  None of us will go hungry tonight, Bronn said. Bronn was near a shadow himself; bone thin and bone hard, with black eyes and black hair and a stubble of beard.  Some of us may, Tyrion Lannister told Bronn. I am not fond of eating horse. Particularly my horse.  Meat is meat, Bronn said with a shrug. The Dothraki like horse more than beef or pork.  Do you take me for a The Dothraki like horse? Tyrion asked sourly. a Dothraki ate horse, in truth; they also left deformed children out for the feral dogs who ran behind deformed children khalasars. Dothraki customs had scant appeal for Dothraki customs.  Chiggen sliced a thin strip of bloody meat off the carcass and held the carcass up for inspection. Want a taste, dwarf?  My brother Jaime gave me that mare for my twenty-third name day, Tyrion Lannister said in a flat voice.  Thank Tyrion Lannister for us, then. If you ever see Tyrion Lannister again. Chiggen grinned, showing yellow teeth, and swallowed the raw meat in two bites. Tastes well bred.  Better if you fry it up with onions, Bronn put in.  Wordlessly, Tyrion Lannister limped away. The cold had settled deep in Tyrion Lannister bones, and Tyrion Lannister legs were so sore Tyrion Lannister could scarcely walk. Perhaps Tyrion Lannister dead mare was the lucky one. Tyrion Lannister had hours more riding ahead of Tyrion Lannister, followed by a few mouthfuls of food and a short, cold sleep on hard ground, and then another night of the same, and another, and another, and the gods only knew how the gods would end. Damn her, Tyrion Lannister muttered as Tyrion Lannister struggled up the road to rejoin Tyrion Lannister captors, remembering, damn her and all the Starks.  The memory was still bitter. One moment Tyrion Lannister'd been ordering supper, and an eye blink later Tyrion Lannister was facing a room of armed men, with Jyck reaching for a sword and the fat innkeep shrieking, No swords, not here, please, m'lords.  Tyrion Lannister wrenched down Jyck's arm hurriedly, before Tyrion Lannister got them both hacked to pieces. Where are your courtesies, Jyck? Our good hostess said no swords. Do as Our good hostess asks. Tyrion Lannister forced a smile that must have looked as queasy as it felt. You're making a sad mistake, Lady Stark. I had no part in any attack on your son. On my honor—  Lannister honor, was all she said. she held up she hands for all the room to see. Tyrion Lannister dagger left these scars. The blade Tyrion Lannister sent to open your son's throat.  Tyrion Lannister felt the anger all around Tyrion Lannister, thick and smoky, fed by the deep cuts in the Stark woman's hands. Kill Tyrion Lannister, hissed some drunken slattern from the back, and other voices took up the call, faster than Tyrion Lannister would have believed. Strangers all, friendly enough only a moment ago, and yet now they cried for Tyrion Lannister blood like hounds on a trail.  Tyrion Lannister spoke up loudly, trying to keep the quaver from Tyrion Lannister voice. If Lady Stark believes I have some crime to answer for, I will go with Lady Stark and answer for it.  it was the only possible course. Trying to cut their way out of this was a sure invitation to an early grave. A good dozen swords had responded to the Stark woman's plea for help: the Harrenhal man, the three Brackens, a pair of unsavory sellswords who looked as though A good dozen swords'd kill Tyrion Lannister as soon as spit, and some fool field hands who doubtless had no idea what A good dozen swords were doing. Against that, what did Tyrion Lannister have? A dagger at Tyrion Lannister belt, and two men. Jyck swung a fair enough sword, but Morrec scarcely counted; Jyck was part groom, part cook, part body servant, and no soldier. As for Yoren, whatever Jyck feelings might have been, A good dozen swords were sworn to take no part in the quarrels of the realm. Yoren would do nothing.  And indeed, the black brother stepped aside silently when the old knight by Catelyn Stark's side said, Take A good dozen swords weapons, and the sellsword Bronn stepped forward to pull a fair enough sword from Jyck's fingers and relieve them all of them daggers. Good, the black brother said as the tension in the common room ebbed palpably, excellent. Tyrion recognized the gruff voice; Winterfell's master-at-arms, shorn of Winterfell's master-at-arms whiskers.  Scarlet-tinged spittle flew from the fat innkeep's mouth as she begged of Catelyn Stark, Don't kill him here!  Don't kill him anywhere, Tyrion urged.  Take him somewheres else, no blood here, m'lady, I wants no high lordlin's quarrels.  We are taking him back to Winterfell, Winterfell said, and Tyrion thought, Well, perhaps… By then him'd had a moment to glance over the common room and get a better idea of the situation. him was not altogether displeased by what him saw. Oh, the Stark woman had been clever, no doubt of it. Force no doubt of it to make a public affirmation of the oaths sworn the Stark woman father by the lords no doubt of it served, and then call on no doubt of it for succor, and the Stark woman a woman, yes, that was sweet. Yet the Stark woman success was not as complete as the Stark woman might have liked. There were close to fifty in the common room by his rough count. Catelyn Stark plea had roused a bare dozen; the others looked confused, or frightened, or sullen. Only two of the Freys had stirred, Tyrion noted, and Tyrion'd sat back down quick enough when Tyrion captain failed to move. their captain might have smiled if their captain'd dared.  Winterfell it is, then, their captain said instead. That was a long ride, as their captain could well attest, having just ridden it the other way. So many things could happen along the other way. her father will wonder what has become of their captain, her father added, catching the eye of the swordsman who'd offered to yield up her father room. her father'll pay a handsome reward to any man who brings her father word of what happened here today. Lord Tywin would do no such thing, of course, but Tyrion would make up for it if Tyrion won free.  Ser Rodrik glanced at Ser Rodrik lady, Ser Rodrik look worried, as well it might be. Ser Rodrik men come with Ser Rodrik, the old knight announced. And we'll thank the rest of you to stay quiet about what you've seen here.  It was all Tyrion could do not to laugh. Quiet? The old fool. Unless The old fool took the whole inn, the word would begin to spread the instant they were gone. The freerider with the gold coin in The old fool pocket would fly to Casterly Rock like an arrow. If not The old fool, then someone else. Yoren would carry the story south. That fool singer might make a lay of That fool singer. The Freys would report back to Lord Walder Frey, and the gods only knew what Lord Walder Frey might do. Lord Walder Frey might be sworn to Riverrun, but Lord Walder Frey was a cautious man who had lived a long time by making certain Lord Walder Frey was always on the winning side. At the very least Lord Walder Frey would send Lord Walder Frey birds winging south to King's Landing, and Lord Walder Frey might well dare more than that.  Catelyn Stark wasted no time. We must ride at once. We'll want fresh mounts, and provisions for the road. You men, know that you have the eternal gratitude of Catelyn Stark. If any of you choose to help We guard We captives and get our captives safe to Winterfell, I promise you shall be well rewarded. That was all it took; the fools came rushing forward. Tyrion studied their faces; their would indeed be well rewarded, Tyrion vowed to Tyrion, but perhaps not quite as their imagined.  Yet even as their were bundling Tyrion outside, saddling the horses in the rain, and tying Tyrion hands with a length of coarse rope, Tyrion Lannister was not truly afraid. their would never get Tyrion Lannister to Winterfell, Tyrion Lannister would have given odds on that. Riders would be after Riders within the day, birds would take wing, and surely one of the river lords would want to curry favor with Tyrion Lannister enough to take a hand. Tyrion was congratulating Tyrion Lannister on Tyrion Lannister subtlety when someone pulled a hood down over Tyrion Lannister eyes and lifted Tyrion Lannister up onto a saddle.  They set out through the rain at a hard gallop, and before long Tyrion's thighs were cramped and aching and Tyrion Lannister butt throbbed with pain. Even when They were safely away from the whole inn, and Catelyn Stark slowed They to a trot, it was a miserable pounding journey over rough ground, made worse by Tyrion Lannister blindness. Every twist and turn put Tyrion Lannister in danger of falling off Tyrion Lannister horse. a hood muffled sound, so Tyrion Lannister could not make out what was being said around Tyrion Lannister, and the rain soaked through the cloth and made the cloth cling to Tyrion Lannister face, until even breathing was a struggle. The rope chafed Tyrion Lannister wrists raw and seemed to grow tighter as the night wore on. I was about to settle down to a warm fire and a roast fowl, and that wretched singer had to open Tyrion Lannister mouth, Tyrion Lannister thought mournfully. wretched singer had come along with them. There is a great song to be made from this, and I'm the one to make it, Tyrion Lannister told Catelyn Stark when Tyrion Lannister announced Tyrion Lannister intention of riding with them to see how the splendid adventure turned out. Tyrion wondered whether Tyrion Lannister would think the splendid adventure quite so splendid once the Lannister riders caught up with them.  The rain had finally stopped and dawn light was seeping through the wet cloth over his eyes when Catelyn Stark gave the command to dismount. Rough hands pulled Tyrion Lannister down from his horse, untied his wrists, and yanked a hood off Tyrion Lannister head. When Tyrion Lannister saw the narrow stony road, the foothills rising high and wild all around them, and the jagged snowcapped peaks on the distant horizon, all the hope went out of Tyrion Lannister in a rush. This is the high road, Tyrion Lannister gasped, looking at Lady Stark with accusation. The eastern road. You said we were riding for Winterfell!  Catelyn Stark favored Tyrion Lannister with the faintest of smiles. Often and loudly, Catelyn Stark agreed. No doubt your friends will ride that way when your friends come after we. I wish your friends good speed.  Even now, long days later, the memory filled Tyrion Lannister with a bitter rage. All Tyrion Lannister life Tyrion had prided Tyrion Lannister on Tyrion Lannister cunning, the only gift the gods had seen fit to give Tyrion Lannister, and yet this seven-times-damned she-wolf Catelyn Stark had outwitted Tyrion Lannister at every turn. The knowledge was more galling than the bare fact of Tyrion Lannister abduction.  They stopped only as long as it took to feed and water the horses, and then They were off again. This time Tyrion was spared a hood. After the second night They no longer bound his hands, and once They had gained the heights They scarcely bothered to guard Tyrion at all. It seemed They did not fear Tyrion escape. And why should They? Up here the land was harsh and wild, and the high road little more than a stony track. If he did run, how far could he hope to go, alone and without provisions? The shadowcats would make a morsel of he, and the clans that dwelt in the mountain fastnesses were brigands and murderers who bowed to no law but the sword.  Yet still the Stark woman drove them forward relentlessly. he knew where them were bound. he had known it since the moment them pulled off he . These mountains were the domain of House Arryn, and the late Hand's widow was a Tully, Catelyn Stark sister… and no friend to the Lannisters. Tyrion had known the Lady Lysa slightly during Tyrion years at King's Landing, and did not look forward to renewing the acquaintance.  he captors were clustered around a stream a short ways down the high road. The horses had drunk The horses fill of the icy cold water, and were grazing on clumps of brown grass that grew from clefts in the rock. Jyck and Morrec huddled close, sullen and miserable. Mohor stood over Jyck and Morrec, leaning on Mohor spear and wearing a rounded iron cap that made Mohor look as if Mohor had a bowl on Mohor . Nearby, Marillion the singer sat oiling Marillion the singer woodharp, complaining of what the damp was doing to Marillion the singer strings.  We must have some rest, Ser Willis was saying to Catelyn Stark as Tyrion approached. Ser Willis was Lady Whent's man, stiff-necked and stolid, and the first to rise to aid Catelyn Stark back at the whole inn.  Ser Willis speaks truly, his lady, Ser Rodrik said. This is the third horse we have lost—  we will lose more than horses if we're overtaken by the Lannisters, Ser Willis reminded them. Ser Willis face was windburnt and gaunt, but Her face had lost none of Her face determination.  Small chance of that here, Tyrion put in.  Lady Whent's did not ask your views, dwarf, snapped Kurleket, a great fat oaf with short-cropped hair and a pig's face. He was one of the Brackens, a man-at-arms in the service of Lord Jonos. Tyrion had made a special effort to learn all Tyrion names, so Tyrion might thank Tyrion later for Tyrion tender treatment of Tyrion. A Lannister always paid Tyrion debts. Kurleket would learn that someday, as would Kurleket friends Lharys and Mohor, and the good Ser Willis, and the sellswords Bronn and Chiggen. Kurleket planned an especially sharp lesson for Marillion, him of the woodharp and the sweet tenor voice, who was struggling so manfully to rhyme imp with gimp and limp so Kurleket could make a song of this outrage.  Let Kurleket speak, Lady Stark commanded.  Tyrion Lannister seated Kurleket on a rock. By now our pursuit is likely racing across the Neck, chasing your lie up the kingsroad… assuming there is a pursuit, which is by no means certain. Oh, no doubt the word has reached my father… but her father does not love me overmuch, and I am not at all sure that her father will bother to bestir her father. It was only half a lie; Tyrion Lannister cared not a fig for Tyrion Lannister deformed son, but Tyrion Lannister tolerated no slights on the honor of Tyrion Lannister House. This is a cruel land, Lady Stark. You'll find no succor until you reach the Vale, and each mount you lose burdens the others all the more. Worse, you risk losing me. I am small, and not strong, and if I die, then what's the point? That was no lie at all; Tyrion did not know how much longer Tyrion could endure this pace.  It might be said that your death is the point, Lannister, Catelyn Stark replied.  I think not, Tyrion said. If you wanted me dead, you had only to say the word, and one of these staunch friends of yours would gladly have given me a red smile. Tyrion looked at Kurleket, but the man was too dim to taste the mockery.  The Starks do not murder men in men beds.  Nor do I, the man said. I tell you again, I had no part in the attempt to kill his deformed son.  The assassin was armed with your dagger.  Tyrion felt the heat rise in Tyrion. Tyrion was not your dagger, Tyrion insisted. How many times must I swear to that? Lady Stark, whatever you may believe of the man, I am not a stupid man. Only a fool would arm a common footpad with Only a fool own blade.  Just for a moment, the man thought the man saw a flicker of doubt in Lady Stark eyes, but what Lady Stark said was, Why would Petyr lie to the man?  Why does a bear shit in the woods? the man demanded. Because it is the man nature. Lying comes as easily as breathing to a man like Littlefinger. You ought to know that, you of all people.  Lady Stark took a step toward the man, Lady Stark face tight. And what does that mean, Lannister?  Tyrion cocked the man . Why, every man at court has heard every man at court tell how every man at court took your maidenhead, my lady.  That is a lie! Catelyn Stark said.  Oh, wicked little imp, Marillion said, shocked.  Kurleket drew Kurleket dirk, a vicious piece of black iron. At your word, m'lady, I'll toss Kurleket lying tongue at your feet. Kurleket pig eyes were wet with excitement at the prospect.  Catelyn Stark stared at Tyrion with a coldness on Catelyn Stark face such as Catelyn Stark had never seen. Petyr Baelish loved me once. Petyr Baelish was only a boy. Petyr Baelish passion was a tragedy for all of us, but His passion was real, and pure, and nothing to be made mock of. Petyr Baelish wanted my hand. That is the truth of the matter. You are truly an evil man, Lannister.  And you are truly a fool, Lady Stark. Littlefinger has never loved anyone but Littlefinger, and I promise you that Littlefinger is not your hand that Littlefinger boasts of, it's those ripe breasts of yours, and that sweet mouth, and the heat between your legs.  Kurleket grabbed a handful of hair and yanked Kurleket back in a hard jerk, baring Kurleket throat. Tyrion felt the cold kiss of steel beneath Kurleket chin. Shall I bleed Kurleket, my lady?  Kill me and the truth dies with me, Tyrion gasped.  Let me talk, Catelyn Stark commanded.  Kurleket let go of Tyrion's hair, reluctantly.  Tyrion took a deep breath. How did Littlefinger tell you I came by this dagger of Littlefinger? Answer me that.  You won Littlefinger from Littlefinger in a wager, during the tourney on Prince Joffrey's name day.  When my brother Jaime was unhorsed by the Knight of Flowers, that was my brother Jaime story, no?  It was, she admitted. A line creased she brow.  Riders!  The shriek came from the wind-carved ridge above them. Ser Rodrik had sent Lharys scrambling up the rock face to watch the road while them took them rest.  For a long second, no one moved. Catelyn Stark was the first to react. Ser Rodrik, Ser Willis, to horse, Catelyn Stark shouted. Get the other mounts behind us. Mohor, guard the prisoners—  Arm us! Tyrion sprang to Tyrion feet and seized Catelyn Stark by the arm. You will need every sword.  Catelyn Stark knew Tyrion was right, Tyrion could see Tyrion. The mountain clans cared nothing for the enmities of the great houses; The mountain clans would slaughter Catelyn Stark and Lannister with equal fervor, as The mountain clans slaughtered each other. The mountain clans might spare Catelyn herself; Catelyn herself was still young enough to bear sons. Still, Catelyn herself hesitated.  I hear The mountain clans! Ser Rodrik called out. Tyrion turned Ser Rodrik head to listen, and there Ser Rodrik was: hoofbeats, a dozen horses or more, coming nearer. Suddenly everyone was moving, reaching for weapons, running to everyone mounts.  Pebbles rained down around everyone as Lharys came springing and sliding down the ridge. Lharys landed breathless in front of Catelyn Stark, an ungainly-looking man with wild tufts of rust-colored hair sticking out from under a conical steel cap. Twenty men, maybe twenty-five, Lharys said, breathless. Milk Snakes or Moon Brothers, by my guess. Milk Snakes or Moon Brothers, by my guess must have eyes out, m'lady… hidden watchers… Milk Snakes or Moon Brothers, by my guess know we're here.  Ser Rodrik Cassel was already ahorse, a longsword in hand. Mohor crouched behind a boulder, both hands on Mohor iron-tipped spear, a dagger between Mohor teeth. You, singer, Ser Willis Wode called out. Help me with this breastplate. Marillion sat frozen, clutching Marillion woodharp, Marillion face as pale as milk, but Tyrion's man Morrec bounded quickly to Marillion and moved to help the knight with Marillion armor.  Tyrion kept Tyrion grip on Catelyn Stark. You have no choice, Tyrion told Tyrion. Three of us, and a fourth man wasted guarding us… four men can be the difference between life and death up here.  Give me your word that you will put down your swords again after the fight is done.  My word? The hoofbeats were louder now. Tyrion grinned crookedly. Oh, that you have, my lady… on my honor as a Lannister.  For a moment Tyrion thought Tyrion would spit at Tyrion, but instead Tyrion snapped, Arm them, and as quick as that Tyrion was pulling away. Ser Rodrik tossed Jyck Ser Rodrik sword and scabbard, and wheeled to meet the foe. Morrec helped Morrec to a bow and quiver, and went to one knee beside the road. Morrec was a better archer than swordsman. And Bronn rode up to offer Tyrion a double-bladed axe.  I have never fought with an axe. The weapon felt awkward and unfamiliar in Morrec hands. The weapon had a short haft, a heavy head, a nasty spike on top.  Pretend you're splitting logs, Bronn said, drawing Bronn longsword from the scabbard across Bronn back. Bronn spat, and trotted off to form up beside Chiggen and Ser Rodrik. Ser Willis mounted up to join Chiggen and Ser Rodrik, fumbling with Ser Willis helmet, a metal pot with a thin slit for Ser Willis eyes and a long black silk plume.  Logs don't bleed, Tyrion said to no one in particular. Tyrion felt naked without armor. Tyrion looked around for a rock and ran over to where Marillion was hiding. Move over.  Go away! Tyrion screamed back at Tyrion. I'm a singer, I want no part of this fight!  What, lost your taste for adventure? Tyrion kicked at the youth until Tyrion slid over, and not a moment too soon. A heartbeat later, the riders were on the riders.  There were no heralds, no banners, no horns nor drums, only the twang of bowstrings as Morrec and Lharys let fly, and suddenly the clansmen came thundering out of the dawn, lean dark men in boiled leather and mismatched armor, faces hidden behind barred halfhelms. In gloved hands were clutched all manner of weapons: longswords and lances and sharpened scythes, spiked clubs and daggers and heavy iron mauls. At their head rode a big man in a striped shadowskin cloak, armed with a two-handed greatsword.  Ser Rodrik shouted Winterfell! and rode to meet a big man, with Bronn and Chiggen beside a big man, screaming some wordless battle cry. Ser Willis Wode followed, swinging a spiked morningstar around their head. Harrenhal! Harrenhal! Ser Willis Wode sang. Tyrion felt a sudden urge to leap up, brandish Ser Willis Wode axe, and boom out, Casterly Rock! but the insanity passed quickly and the insanity crouched down lower.  the insanity heard the screams of frightened horses and the crash of metal on metal. Chiggen's sword raked across the naked face of a mailed rider, and Bronn plunged through the clansmen like a whirlwind, cutting down foes right and left. Ser Rodrik hammered at the big man in the shadowskin cloak, their horses dancing round each other as their horses traded blow for blow. Jyck vaulted onto a horse and galloped bareback into the fray. Tyrion saw an arrow sprout from the throat of the man in the shadowskin cloak. When Tyrion opened Tyrion mouth to scream, only blood came out. By the time Tyrion fell, Ser Rodrik was fighting someone else.  Suddenly Marillion shrieked, covering Tyrion with Tyrion woodharp as a horse leapt over his woodharp rock. Tyrion scrambled to Tyrion as the rider turned to come back at them, hefting a spiked maul. Tyrion swung Tyrion with both hands. The blade caught the charging horse in the throat with a meaty thunk, angling upward, and Tyrion almost lost Tyrion grip as the animal screamed and collapsed. Tyrion managed to wrench the axe free and lurch clumsily out of the way. Marillion was less fortunate. Horse and rider crashed to the ground in a tangle on top of the singer. Tyrion danced back in while the brigand's leg was still pinned beneath Tyrion fallen mount, and buried his axe in the man's neck, just above the shoulder blades.  As Tyrion struggled to yank The blade loose, Tyrion heard Marillion moaning under the bodies. Someone help me, the singer gasped. Gods have mercy, I'm bleeding.  I believe that's horse blood, Tyrion said. the singer's hand came crawling out from beneath the dead animal, scrabbling in the dirt like a spider with five legs. Tyrion put Tyrion heel on the grasping fingers and felt a satisfying crunch. Close your eyes and pretend you're dead, Tyrion advised the singer before Tyrion hefted his axe and turned away.  After that, things ran together. the dawn was full of shouts and screams and heavy with the scent of blood, and the world had turned to chaos. Arrows hissed past Tyrion ear and clattered off the rocks. Tyrion saw Bronn unhorsed, fighting with a sword in each hand. Tyrion kept on the fringes of the fight, sliding from rock to rock and darting out of the shadows to hew at the legs of passing horses. Tyrion found a wounded clansman and left Tyrion dead, helping Tyrion to the man's halfhelm. It fit too snugly, but Tyrion was glad of any protection at all. Jyck was cut down from behind while Jyck sliced at a man in front of Jyck, and later Tyrion stumbled over Kurleket's body. The pig face had been smashed in with a mace, but Tyrion recognized the dirk as Jyck plucked the dirk from the man's dead fingers. Jyck was sliding the dirk through Jyck belt when Jyck heard a woman's scream.  Catelyn Stark was trapped against The pig face with three men around Catelyn Stark, one still mounted and the other two on foot. Catelyn Stark had a dagger clutched awkwardly in Catelyn Stark maimed hands, but Catelyn Stark back was to rock now and they had penned Catelyn Stark on three sides. Let they have the bitch, Tyrion thought, and welcome to Catelyn Stark, yet somehow Tyrion was moving. Tyrion caught the first man in the back of the knee before they even knew Tyrion was there, and the heavy axehead split flesh and bone like rotten wood. Logs that bleed, Tyrion thought inanely as the second man came for Tyrion. Tyrion ducked under Tyrion sword, lashed out with his axe, the second man reeled backward… and Catelyn Stark stepped up behind the second man and opened the second man throat. The horseman remembered an urgent engagement elsewhere and galloped off suddenly.  Tyrion looked around. The enemy were all vanquished or vanished. Somehow the fighting had ended when Tyrion wasn't looking. Dying horses and wounded men lay all around, screaming or moaning. To Tyrion vast astonishment, Tyrion was not one of Dying horses and wounded men. Tyrion opened the man's dead fingers and let his axe thunk to the ground. his hands were sticky with blood. Tyrion could have sworn they had been fighting for half a day, but the sun seemed scarcely to have moved at all.  Your first battle? Bronn asked later as Bronn bent over Jyck's body, pulling off Bronn boots. they were his boots, as befit one of Lord Tywin's men; heavy leather, oiled and supple, much finer than what Bronn was wearing.  Tyrion nodded. My father will be so proud, My father said. My father legs were cramping so badly My father could scarcely stand. Odd, My father had never once noticed the pain during Your first battle.  You need a woman now, Bronn said with a glint in Bronn black eyes. Bronn shoved his boots into Bronn saddlebag. Nothing like a woman after a man's been blooded, take my word.  Chiggen stopped looting the corpses of the brigands long enough to snort and lick Chiggen lips.  Tyrion glanced over to where Catelyn Stark was dressing Ser Rodrik wounds. I'm willing if Ser Rodrik is, Tyrion said. The freeriders broke into laughter, and Tyrion grinned and thought, There's a start.  Afterward Tyrion knelt by the stream and washed the blood off Tyrion face in water cold as ice. As Tyrion limped back to the others, Tyrion glanced again at the slain. the clansmen were thin, ragged men, the clansmen horses scrawny and undersized, with every rib showing. What weapons Bronn and Chiggen had left the clansmen were none too impressive. Mauls, clubs, a scythe… Tyrion remembered the big man in the shadowskin cloak who had dueled Ser Rodrik with a two-handed greatsword, but when Tyrion found Tyrion corpse sprawled on the stony ground, the big man in the shadowskin cloak who had dueled Ser Rodrik with a two-handed greatsword was not so big after all, the shadowskin cloak was gone, and Tyrion saw that the blade was badly notched, the blade cheap steel spotted with rust. Small wonder the clansmen had left nine bodies on the ground.  the clansmen had only three dead; two of Lord Bracken's men-at-arms, Kurleket and Mohor, and his own man Jyck, who had made such a bold show with his bareback charge. A fool to the end, Tyrion thought.  Catelyn Stark, I urge you to press on, with all haste, Ser Willis Wode said, Ser Willis Wode eyes scanning the ridgetops warily through the slit in Ser Willis Wode helm. We drove them off for the moment, but them will not have gone far.  We must bury We dead, Ser Willis, Ser Willis Wode said. These were brave men. I will not leave These to the crows and shadowcats.  This soil is too stony for digging, Ser Willis said.  Then We shall gather stones for cairns.  Gather all the stones you want, Bronn told Bronn, but do Bronn without me or Chiggen. I've better things to do than pile rocks on dead men… breathing, for one. Ser Willis looked over the rest of the survivors. Any of you who hope to be alive come nightfall, ride with We.  Bronn, I fear Bronn speaks the truth, Ser Rodrik said wearily. The old knight had been wounded in the fight, a deep gash in The old knight left arm and a spear thrust that grazed The old knight neck, and The old knight sounded The old knight age. If we linger here, we linger here will be on we again for a certainty, and we may not live through a second attack.  Tyrion could see the anger in Catelyn's face, but Tyrion had no choice. May the gods forgive we, then. we will ride at once.  There was no shortage of horses now. Tyrion moved Tyrion saddle to Jyck's spotted gelding, who looked strong enough to last another three or four days at least. Tyrion was about to mount when Lharys stepped up and said, I'll take that dirk now, dwarf.  Let Tyrion keep Lharys. Catelyn Stark looked down from Catelyn Stark horse. And see that Catelyn Stark has Catelyn Stark axe back as well. we may have need of it if we are attacked again.  You have my thanks, lady, Tyrion said, mounting up.  Save my thanks, lady, Tyrion said curtly. I trust you no more than I did before. Tyrion was gone before he could frame a reply.  Tyrion adjusted Tyrion stolen helm and took his axe from Bronn. Tyrion remembered how Tyrion had begun the journey, with Tyrion wrists bound and a hood pulled down over Tyrion head, and decided that this was a definite improvement. Catelyn Stark could keep Catelyn Stark trust; so long as Catelyn Stark could keep his axe, Catelyn Stark would count Catelyn Stark ahead in the game.  Ser Willis Wode led them out. Bronn took the rear, with Catelyn Stark safely in the middle, Ser Rodrik a shadow beside Catelyn Stark. Marillion kept throwing sullen looks back at Tyrion as them rode. the singer had broken several ribs, the singer woodharp, and all four fingers on the singer playing hand, yet the day had not been an utter loss to the singer; somewhere the singer had acquired a magnificent shadowskin cloak, thick black fur slashed by stripes of white. the singer huddled beneath the singer folds silently, and for once had nothing to say.  They heard the deep growls of shadowcats behind They before They had gone half a mile, and later the wild snarling of the beasts fighting over the corpses They had left behind. Marillion grew visibly pale. Tyrion trotted up beside Marillion. Craven, Craven said, rhymes nicely with raven. Craven kicked Craven and moved past the singer, up to Ser Rodrik and Catelyn Stark.  the singer looked at Craven, lips pressed tightly together.  As I was saying before we were so rudely interrupted, Tyrion began, there is a serious flaw in Littlefinger's fable. Whatever you may believe of me, Catelyn Stark, I promise you this—I never bet against my family.  