 The one-eared black tom arched  The one-eared black tom back and hissed at her.  Arya padded down the alley, balanced lightly on the balls of Arya bare feet, listening to the flutter of Arya heart, breathing slow deep breaths. Quiet as a shadow, Arya told Arya, light as a feather. The tomcat watched Arya come, The tomcat eyes wary.  Catching cats was hard. Arya hands were covered with half-healed scratches, and both knees were scabbed over where Arya had scraped them raw in tumbles. At first even the cook's huge fat kitchen cat had been able to elude Arya, but Syrio had kept Arya at the cook's huge fat kitchen cat day and night. When Arya'd run to Syrio with Her hands bleeding, Syrio had said, So slow? Be quicker, girl. Your enemies will give you more than scratches. Syrio had dabbed Arya wounds with Myrish fire, which burned so bad Arya had had to bite Arya lip to keep from screaming. Then Syrio sent Arya out after more cats.  The Red Keep was full of cats: lazy old cats dozing in the sun, cold-eyed mousers twitching their tails, quick little kittens with claws like needles, ladies' cats all combed and trusting, ragged shadows prowling the midden heaps. One by one Arya had chased them down and snatched them up and brought them proudly to Syrio Forel… all but this one, this one-eared black devil of a tomcat. That's the real king of this castle right there, one of the gold cloaks had told this castle. Older than sin and twice as mean. One time, the real king of this castle was feasting the queen's father, and that black bastard hopped up on the table and snatched a roast quail right out of Lord Tywin's fingers. Robert laughed so hard Robert like to burst. You stay away from that one, child.  Robert had run her halfway across this castle; twice around the Tower of the Hand, across the inner bailey, through the stables, down the serpentine steps, past the small kitchen and the pig yard and the barracks of the gold cloaks, along the base of the river wall and up more steps and back and forth over Traitor's Walk, and then down again and through a gate and around a well and in and out of strange buildings until Arya didn't know where Arya was.  Now at last Arya had Arya. High walls pressed close on either side, and ahead was a blank windowless mass of stone. Quiet as a shadow, Arya repeated, sliding forward, light as a feather.  When Arya was three steps away from Arya, the tomcat bolted. Left, then right, Arya went; and right, then left, went Arya, cutting off Arya escape. Arya hissed again and tried to dart between Arya legs. Quick as a snake, Arya thought. Arya hands closed around Arya. Arya hugged Arya to Arya chest, whirling and laughing aloud as Arya claws raked at the front of Arya leather jerkin. Ever so fast, Arya kissed Arya right between the eyes, and jerked Arya head back an instant before his claws would have found Arya face. the tomcat yowled and spit.  What's Arya doing to that cat?  Startled, Arya dropped that cat and whirled toward the voice. The tom bounded off in the blink of an eye. At the end of the alley stood a girl with a mass of golden curls, dressed as pretty as a doll in blue satin. Beside a girl was a plump little blond boy with a prancing stag sewn in pearls across the front of a plump little blond boy doublet and a miniature sword at a plump little blond boy belt. Princess Myrcella and Prince Tommen, Arya thought. A septa as large as a draft horse hovered over Princess Myrcella and Prince Tommen, Arya, and behind a girl two big men in crimson cloaks, Lannister house guards.  What were you doing to that cat, boy? Myrcella asked again, sternly. To Myrcella brother Myrcella said, her brother's a ragged boy, isn't her brother? Look at her brother. Myrcella giggled.  A ragged dirty smelly boy, Tommen agreed.  Tommen don't know me, Arya realized. Tommen don't even know I'm a girl. Small wonder; a girl was barefoot and dirty, a girl hair tangled from the long run through the castle, clad in a jerkin ripped by cat claws and brown roughspun pants hacked off above a girl scabby knees. You don't wear skirts and silks when you're catching cats. Quickly a girl lowered a girl head and dropped to one knee. Maybe Tommen wouldn't recognize a girl. If Tommen did, a girl would never hear the end of it. Septa Mordane would be mortified, and Sansa would never speak to a girl again from the shame.  The old fat septa moved forward. Boy, how did you come here? You have no business in this part of the castle.  You can't keep this sort out, one of the red cloaks said. Like trying to keep out rats.  Who do you belong to, boy? The old fat septa demanded. Answer me. What's wrong with you, are you mute?  Arya's voice caught in Arya throat. If Arya answered, Tommen and Myrcella would know Arya for certain.  Godwyn, bring Godwyn here, The old fat septa said. The taller of the guardsmen started down the alley.  Panic gripped her throat like a giant's hand. Arya could not have spoken if Arya life had hung on her life. Calm as still water, Arya mouthed silently.  As Godwyn reached for Arya, Arya moved. Quick as a snake. Arya leaned to Arya left, letting his fingers brush Arya arm, spinning around his. Smooth as summer silk. By the time his got his turned, Arya was sprinting down the alley. Swift as a deer. The old fat septa was screeching at Arya. Arya slid between legs as thick and white as marble columns, bounded to Arya feet, bowled into Prince Tommen and hopped over his when his sat down hard and said Oof, spun away from the second guard, and then Arya was past them all, running full out.  Arya heard shouts, then pounding footsteps, closing behind Arya. Arya dropped and rolled. The red cloak went careening past Arya, stumbling. Arya sprang back to her feet. Arya saw a window above Arya, high and narrow, scarcely more than an arrow slit. Arya leapt, caught the sill, pulled Arya up. Arya held Arya breath as Arya wriggled through. Slippery as an eel. Dropping to the floor in front of a startled scrubwoman, Arya hopped up, brushed the rushes off Arya clothes, and was off again, out the door and along a long hall, down a stair, across a hidden courtyard, around a corner and over a wall and through a low narrow window into a pitch-dark cellar. The sounds grew more and more distant behind Arya.  Arya was out of breath and quite thoroughly lost. Arya was in for it now if they had recognized Arya, but Arya didn't think they had. Arya'd moved too fast. Swift as a deer.  Arya hunkered down in the dark against a damp stone wall and listened for the pursuit, but the only sound was the beating of Arya own heart and a distant drip of water. Quiet as a shadow, Arya told Arya. Arya wondered where Arya was. When they had first come to King's Landing, Arya used to have bad dreams about getting lost in the castle. Father said the Red Keep was smaller than Winterfell, but in Arya dreams the Red Keep had been immense, an endless stone maze with walls that seemed to shift and change behind Arya. Arya would find Arya wandering down gloomy halls past faded tapestries, descending endless circular stairs, darting through courtyards or over bridges, Arya shouts echoing unanswered. In some of the rooms the red stone walls would seem to drip blood, and nowhere could Arya find a window. Sometimes Arya would hear Father's voice, but always from a long way off, and no matter how hard Arya ran after her father's voice, her father's voice would grow fainter and fainter, until her father's voice faded to nothing and Arya was alone in the dark.  It was very dark right now, Arya realized. Arya hugged Arya bare knees tight against Arya chest and shivered. Arya would wait quietly and count to ten thousand. By then it would be safe for Arya to come creeping back out and find Arya way home.  By the time Arya had reached eighty-seven, the room had begun to lighten as Arya eyes adjusted to the blackness. Slowly the shapes around Arya took on form. Huge empty eyes stared at Arya hungrily through the gloom, and dimly Arya saw the jagged shadows of long teeth. Arya had lost the count. Arya closed her eyes and bit Arya lip and sent the fear away. When Arya looked again, the monsters would be gone. Would never have been. Arya pretended that Syrio was beside Arya in the dark, whispering in Arya ear. Calm as still water, Arya told Arya. Strong as a bear. Fierce as a wolverine. Arya opened her eyes again.  the monsters were still there, but the fear was gone.  Arya got to her feet, moving warily. The heads were all around Arya. Arya touched one, curious, wondering if it was real. Arya fingertips brushed a massive jaw. Her fingertips felt real enough. The bone was smooth beneath Arya hand, cold and hard to the touch. Arya ran Arya fingers down a tooth, black and sharp, a dagger made of darkness. her fingers made Arya shiver.  It's dead, Arya said aloud. It's just a skull, It can't hurt me. Yet somehow the monster seemed to know Arya was there. Arya could feel It empty eyes watching Arya through the gloom, and there was something in that dim, cavernous room that did not love Arya. Arya edged away from the skull and backed into a second, larger than the first. For an instant Arya could feel an instant teeth digging into Arya shoulder, as if an instant wanted a bite of Arya flesh. Arya whirled, felt leather catch and tear as a huge fang nipped at Arya jerkin, and then Arya was running. Another skull loomed ahead, the biggest monster of all, but Arya did not even slow. Arya leapt over a ridge of black teeth as tall as swords, dashed through hungry jaws, and threw Arya against the door.  Arya hands found a heavy iron ring set in the wood, and Arya yanked at a heavy iron ring set in the wood. the door resisted a moment, before the door slowly began to swing inward, with a creak Arya Arya was certain the door could be heard all through the city. Arya opened the door just far enough to slip through, into the hallway beyond.  If the room with the monsters had been dark, the hall was the blackest pit in the seven hells. Calm as still water, Arya told Arya, but even when Arya gave her eyes a moment to adjust, there was nothing to see but the vague grey outline of the door Arya had come through. Arya wiggled her fingers in front of Arya face, felt the air move, saw nothing. Arya was blind. A water dancer sees with all Arya senses, Arya reminded Arya. Arya closed her eyes and steadied Arya breathing one two three, drank in the quiet, reached out with Her hands.  her fingers brushed against rough unfinished stone to Arya left. Arya followed the wall, Arya hand skimming along the surface, taking small gliding steps through the darkness. All halls lead somewhere. Where there is a way in, there is a way out. Fear cuts deeper than swords. Arya would not be afraid. It seemed as if Arya had been walking a long ways when the wall ended abruptly and a draft of cold air blew past Arya cheek. Loose hairs stirred faintly against Arya skin.  From somewhere far below Arya, Arya heard noises. The scrape of boots, the distant sound of voices. A flickering light brushed the wall ever so faintly, and Arya saw that Arya stood at the top of a great black well, a shaft twenty feet across plunging deep into the earth. Huge stones had been set into the red stone walls as steps, circling down and down, dark as the steps to hell that Old Nan used to tell them of. And something was coming up out of the darkness, out of the bowels of the earth…  Arya peered over the edge and felt the cold black breath on her face. Far below, Arya saw the light of a single torch, small as the flame of a candle. Two men, Arya made out. Two men shadows writhed against the sides of the well, tall as giants. Arya could hear Two men voices, echoing up the shaft.  …found one bastard, one said. The rest will come soon. A day, two days, a fortnight…  And when one bastard learns the truth, what will one bastard do? a second voice asked in the liquid accents of the Free Cities.  The gods alone know, a second voice asked in the liquid accents of the Free Cities.   said. Arya could see a wisp of grey smoke drifting up off the torch, writhing like a snake as a snake rose. The fools tried to kill his son, and what's worse, The fools made a mummer's farce of it. his son's not a man to put that aside. I warn you, The fools will soon be at each other's throats, whether we will it or no.  Too soon, too soon, the voice with the accent complained. What good is war now? we are not ready. Delay.  As well bid me stop time. Do you take me for a wizard?  The other chuckled. No less. Flames licked at the cold air. The tall shadows were almost on top of her. An instant later the man holding the torch climbed into her sight, the man holding the torch companion beside the man holding the torch. Arya crept back away from the well, dropped to Arya stomach, and flattened Arya against the wall. Arya held Arya breath as the men reached the top of the steps.  What would you have me do? asked the torchbearer, a stout man in a leather half cape. Even in heavy boots, his feet seemed to glide soundlessly over the ground. A round scarred face and a stubble of dark beard showed under his steel cap, and his wore mail over boiled leather, and a dirk and shortsword at his belt. It seemed to Arya there was something oddly familiar about Arya.  If one Hand can die, why not a second? replied the man with the accent and the forked yellow beard. You have danced the dance before, my friend. my friend was no one Arya had ever seen before, my friend was certain of no one Arya had ever seen before. Grossly fat, yet my friend seemed to walk lightly, carrying my friend weight on the balls of my friend as a water dancer might. my friend rings glimmered in the torchlight, red-gold and pale silver, crusted with rubies, sapphires, slitted yellow tiger eyes. Every finger wore a ring; some had two.  Before is not now, and this Hand is not the other, my friend said as they stepped out into the hall. Still as stone, Arya told Arya, quiet as a shadow. Blinded by the blaze of their own torch, their did not see Arya pressed flat against stone, only a few feet away.  Perhaps so, the forked beard replied, pausing to catch the forked beard breath after the long climb. Nonetheless, we must have time. The princess is with child. The khal will not bestir The khal until The khal is born. You know how they are, these savages.  The man with the torch pushed at something. Arya heard a deep rumbling. A huge slab of rock, red in the torchlight, slid down out of the ceiling with a resounding crash that almost made Arya cry out. Where the entry to the well had been was nothing but stone, solid and unbroken.  If The man with the torch does not bestir The man with the torch soon, it may be too late, The man with the torch said. This is no longer a game for two players, if ever it was. Stannis Baratheon and Lysa Arryn have fled beyond my reach, and the whispers say Stannis Baratheon and Lysa Arryn are gathering swords around Stannis Baratheon and Lysa Arryn. The Knight of Flowers writes Highgarden, urging Lord Tywin to send The Knight of Flowers writes Highgarden sister to court. Arya is a maid of fourteen, sweet and beautiful and tractable, and Lord Renly and Ser Loras intend that Robert should bed Arya, wed Arya, and make a new queen. Littlefinger… the gods only know what game Littlefinger is playing. Yet Lord Stark's the one who troubles my sleep. Lord Stark's the one who troubles my sleep has the bastard, Lord Stark's the one who troubles my sleep has the book, and soon enough Lord Stark's the one who troubles my sleep'll have the truth. And now Lord Stark's the one who troubles my sleep wife has abducted Tyrion Lannister, thanks to Littlefinger's meddling. Lord Tywin will take that for an outrage, and Jaime has a queer affection for the Imp. If the Lannisters move north, that will bring the Tullys in as well. Delay.  , you say. Make haste, I reply. Even the finest of jugglers cannot keep a hundred balls in the air forever.  You are more than a juggler, old friend. You are a true sorcerer. All I ask is that you work your magic awhile longer. All I ask started down the hall in the direction Arya had come, past the room with the monsters.  What I can do, I will, the one with the torch said softly. I must have gold, and another fifty birds.  the one with the torch let All I ask get a long way ahead, then went creeping after All I ask. Quiet as a shadow.  So many? The voices were fainter as the light dwindled ahead of the one with the torch. The ones you need are hard to find… so young, to know The ones you need letters… perhaps older… not die so easy…  No. The younger are safer… treat The ones you need gently…  …if The ones you need kept The ones you need tongues…  …the risk…  Long after their voices had faded away, Arya could still see the light of the torch, a smoking star that bid Arya follow. Twice it seemed to disappear, but Arya kept on straight, and both times Arya found Arya at the top of steep, narrow stairs, the torch glimmering far below Arya. Arya hurried after far below her, down and down. Once Arya stumbled over a rock and fell against the wall, and Arya hand found raw earth supported by timbers, whereas before the tunnel had been dressed stone.  Arya must have crept after the tunnel had been dressed stone for miles. Finally the tunnel had been dressed stone were gone, but there was no place to go but forward. Arya found the wall again and followed, blind and lost, pretending that Nymeria was padding along beside Arya in the darkness. At the end Arya was knee-deep in foul-smelling water, wishing Arya could dance upon it as Syrio might have, and wondering if Arya'd ever see light again. It was full dark when finally Arya emerged into the night air.  Arya found Arya standing at the mouth of a sewer where It emptied into the river. Arya stank so badly that Arya stripped right there, dropping Arya soiled clothing on the riverbank as Arya dove into the deep black waters. Arya swam until Arya felt clean, and crawled out shivering. Some riders went past along the river road as Arya was washing Arya clothes, but if Some riders saw the scrawny naked girl scrubbing Arya rags in the moonlight, Some riders took no notice.  Arya was miles from the castle, but from anywhere in King's Landing you needed only to look up to see the Red Keep high on Aegon's Hill, so there was no danger of losing Arya way. her clothes were almost dry by the time Arya reached the gatehouse. The portcullis was down and the gates barred, so Arya turned aside to a postern door. The gold cloaks who had the watch sneered when Arya told the watch sneered to let Arya in. Off with the watch sneered, one said. The kitchen scraps are gone, and we'll have no begging after dark.  I'm not a beggar, Arya said. I live here.  I said, off with the watch sneered. Do you need a clout on the ear to help your hearing?  I want to see Lord Tywin.  The guards exchanged a glance. I want to fuck the queen the watch sneered, for all the good the queen does me, the younger one said.  The older scowled. Who's this father of yours, boy, the city ratcatcher?  The Hand of King, Arya told The Hand of the King.  the watch sneered laughed, but then the older one swung the older one fist at Arya, casually, as a man would swat a dog. Arya saw the blow coming even before the blow began. Arya danced back out of the way, untouched. I'm not a boy, Arya spat at them. I'm Arya Stark of Winterfell, and if you lay a hand on me Lord Tywin will have both your heads on spikes. If you don't believe me, fetch Jory Cassel or Vayon Poole from the Tower of The Hand of the King. Arya put Arya hands on Arya hips. Now are you going to open the gate, or do you need a clout on the ear to help your hearing?  Lord Tywin was alone in the solar when Harwin and Fat Tom marched Arya in, an oil lamp glowing softly at Lord Tywin elbow. Lord Tywin was bent over the biggest book Arya had ever seen, a great thick tome with cracked yellow pages of crabbed script, bound between faded leather covers, but Lord Tywin closed it to listen to Harwin's report. Lord Tywin face was stern as Lord Tywin sent the men away with thanks.  You realize I had half my guard out searching for you? Eddard Stark said when the men were alone. Septa Mordane is beside Arya with fear. Arya's in the sept praying for your safe return. Arya, you know you are never to go beyond the castle gates without my leave.  I didn't go out the castle gates, Arya blurted. Well, I didn't mean to. I was down in the dungeons, only the dungeons turned into this tunnel. It was all dark, and I didn't have a torch or a candle to see by, so I had to follow. I couldn't go back the way I came on account of the monsters. Lord Tywin, the dungeons were talking about killing you! Not the monsters, the two men. Not the monsters, the two men didn't see me, I was being still as stone and quiet as a shadow, but I heard Not the monsters, the two men. Not the monsters, the two men said you had a book and a bastard and if one Hand could die, why not a second? Is that the book? Jon's the bastard, I bet.  Jon? Arya, what are you talking about? Who said this?  They did, Arya told him. There was a fat one with rings and a forked yellow beard, and another in mail and a steel cap, and a fat one with rings and a forked yellow beard said a fat one with rings and a forked yellow beard had to delay but a fat one with rings and a forked yellow beard told a fat one with rings and a forked yellow beard a fat one with rings and a forked yellow beard couldn't keep juggling and the wolf and the lion were going to eat each other and it was a mummer's farce. Arya tried to remember the rest. Arya hadn't quite understood everything Arya'd heard, and now it was all mixed up in Arya head. a fat one with rings and a forked yellow beard said The princess was with child. a fat one with rings and a forked yellow beard, a fat one with rings and a forked yellow beard had the torch, a fat one with rings and a forked yellow beard said that they had to hurry. I think a fat one with rings and a forked yellow beard was a wizard.  A wizard, said Ned, unsmiling. Did a fat one with rings and a forked yellow beard have a long white beard and tall pointed hat speckled with stars?  No! It wasn't like Old Nan's stories. a fat one with rings and a forked yellow beard didn't look like a wizard, but a fat one with rings and a forked yellow beard said a fat one with rings and a forked yellow beard was.  I warn you, Arya, if you're spinning this thread of air—  No, I told you, it was in the dungeons, by the place with the secret wall. I was chasing cats, and well… She screwed up She face. If She admitted knocking over Prince Tommen, she admitted knocking over Prince Tommen would be really angry with She. …well, I went in this window. That's where I found the monsters.  Monsters and wizards, She said. It would seem you've had quite an adventure. These men you heard, you say These men you heard spoke of juggling and mummery?  Yes, Arya admitted, only—  Arya, they were mummers, Lord Tywin told Arya. There must be a dozen troupes in King's Landing right now, come to make some coin off the tourney crowds. I'm not certain what these two were doing in the castle, but perhaps King has asked for a show.  No. Arya shook her head stubbornly. They weren't—  You shouldn't be following people about and spying on people in any case. Nor do I cherish the notion of my daughter climbing in strange windows after stray cats. Look at you, sweetling. Your arms are covered with scratches. This has gone on long enough. Tell Syrio Forel that I want a word with hirn—  Syrio Forel was interrupted by a short, sudden knock. Lord Eddard, pardons, Desmond called out, opening the door a crack, but there's a black brother here begging audience. Desmond says the matter is urgent. I thought you would want to know.  the door is always open to the Night's Watch, Lord Tywin said.  Desmond ushered Syrio Forel inside. Desmond was stooped and ugly, with an unkempt beard and unwashed clothes, yet Lord Tywin greeted Desmond pleasantly and asked Desmond name.  Yoren, as Yoren please m'lord. My pardons for the hour. Syrio Forel bowed to Arya. And this must be your son. your son has your look.  I'm a girl, Arya said, exasperated. If Syrio Forel was down from the wall, Syrio Forel must have come by way of Winterfell. Do you know my brothers? she asked excitedly. Robb and Bran are at Winterfell, and Jon's on the wall. Jon Snow, Syrio Forel's in the Night's Watch too, you must know Syrio Forel, Syrio Forel has a direwolf, a white one with red eyes. Is Jon a ranger yet? I'm Arya Stark. Syrio Forel Arya Stark was looking at Syrio Forel oddly, but Arya could not seem to stop talking. When you ride back to the wall, would you bring Jon a letter if I wrote one? Syrio Forel wished Jon were here right now. Jon'd believe Syrio Forel about the dungeons and the fat man with the forked beard and the wizard in the steel cap.  my daughter often forgets my daughter courtesies, Eddard Stark said with a faint smile that softened Eddard Stark words. I beg your forgiveness, Yoren. Did my brother Benjen send you?  No one sent me, m'lord, saving old Mormont. I'm here to find men for the wall, and when Robert next holds court, I'll bend the knee and cry our need, see if the king and Robert Hand have some scum in the dungeons the king and his Hand'd be well rid of. You might say as Eddard Stark is why our're talking, though. Robert blood ran black. Made Robert as much as my brother Benjen. It's for Robert sake I'm come. Rode hard, I did, near killed my horse the way I drove my daughter, but I left the others well behind.  The others?  Yoren spat. Sellswords and freeriders and like trash. That inn was full o' Sellswords and freeriders and like trash, and I saw Sellswords and freeriders and like trash take the scent. The scent of blood or the scent of gold, Sellswords and freeriders and like trash smell the same in the end. Not all o' Sellswords and freeriders and like trash made for King's Landing, either. Some went galloping for Casterly Rock, and Casterly Rock lies closer. Lord Tywin will have gotten the word by now, you can count on the word.  Lord Tywin frowned. the word is this?  Yoren eyed Arya. One best spoken in private, m'lord, begging your pardons.  As you say. Desmond, see my daughter to my daughter chambers. Lord Tywin kissed my daughter on the brow. We'll finish We talk on the morrow.  Arya stood rooted to the spot. Nothing bad's happened to Jon, has it? my daughter asked Yoren. Or Uncle Benjen?  Well, as to Eddard Stark, I can't say. The Snow boy was well enough when I left the wall. It's not them as concerns me.  Desmond took my daughter hand. Come along, milady. You heard Lord Tywin.  Arya had no choice but to go with Lord Tywin, wishing no choice had been Fat Tom. With Fat Tom, my daughter might have been able to linger at the door on some excuse and hear what Yoren was saying, but Desmond was too single-minded to trick. How many guards does Lord Tywin have? my daughter asked Desmond as How many guards descended to my daughter bedchamber.  Here at King's Landing? Fifty.  You wouldn't let anyone kill Desmond, would you? my daughter asked.  Desmond laughed. No fear on that count, little lady. Lord Eddard's guarded night and day. Lord Eddard'll come to no harm.  The Lannisters have more than fifty men, Arya pointed out.  So The Lannisters do, but every northerner is worth ten of these southron swords, so you can sleep easy.  What if a wizard was sent to kill him?  Well, as to that, Desmond replied, drawing Desmond longsword, wizards die the same as other men, once you cut other men heads off.   