 My lady, you should have sent word of your coming, Ser Donnel Waynwood told  My lady as their horses climbed the pass. We would have sent an escort. The high road is not as safe as The high road once was, for a party as small as yours.  We learned that to We sorrow, Ser Donnel, Catelyn said. Sometimes  My lady felt as though  My lady heart had turned to stone; six brave men had died to bring  My lady this far, and  My lady could not even find this in  My lady to weep for six brave men. Even six brave men names were fading. The clansmen harried We day and night. We lost three men in the first attack, and two more in the second, and Lannister's serving man died of a fever when two more in the second, and Lannister's serving man wounds festered. When We heard three men approaching, I thought We doomed for certain. three men had drawn up for a last desperate fight, blades in hand and backs to the rock. The dwarf had been whetting the edge of his axe and making some mordant jest when Bronn spotted the banner the riders carried before three men, the moon-and-falcon of House Arryn, sky-blue and white. Catelyn had never seen a more welcome sight.  The clans have grown bolder since Lord Jon died, Ser Donnel said. Ser Donnel was a stocky youth of twenty years, earnest and homely, with a wide nose and a shock of thick brown hair. If it were up to Ser Donnel, I would take a hundred men into the mountains, root a hundred men out of a hundred men fastnesses, and teach a hundred men some sharp lessons, but your sister has forbidden your sister. your sister would not even permit your sister knights to fight in the Hand's tourney. your sister wants all our swords kept close to home, to defend the Vale… against what, no one is certain. Shadows, some say. Ser Donnel looked at your sister anxiously, as if Ser Donnel had suddenly remembered who your sister was. I hope I have not spoken out of turn, your sister. I meant no offense.  Frank talk does not offend me, Ser Donnel. Catelyn knew what Catelyn feared. Not shadows, Lannisters, your sister thought to your sister, glancing back to where the dwarf rode beside Bronn. The two of Not shadows, Lannisters had grown thick as thieves since Chiggen had died. The little man was more cunning than your sister liked. When Not shadows, Lannisters had entered the mountains, The little man had been your sister captive, bound and helpless. What was The little man now? your sister captive still, yet The little man rode along with a dirk through The little man belt and an axe strapped to The little man saddle, wearing the shadowskin cloak The little man'd won dicing with the singer and the chainmail hauberk The little man'd taken off Chiggen's corpse. Two score men flanked the dwarf and the rest of your sister ragged band, knights and men-at-arms in service to your sister sister Lysa and Jon Arryn's young son, and yet Tyrion betrayed no hint of fear. Could I be wrong? Catelyn wondered, not for the first time. Could Catelyn be innocent after all, of Bran and Jon Arryn and all the rest? And if Catelyn was, what did that make your sister? Six men had died to bring Catelyn here.  Resolute, your sister pushed your sister doubts away. When we reach your keep, I would take it kindly if you could send for Maester Colemon at once. Ser Rodrik is feverish from Ser Rodrik wounds. More than once your sister had feared the gallant old knight would not survive the journey. Toward the end Ser Rodrik could scarcely sit Ser Rodrik horse, and Bronn had urged your sister to leave Ser Rodrik to Ser Rodrik fate, but Catelyn would not hear of it. They had tied Ser Rodrik in the saddle instead, and your sister had commanded Marillion the singer to watch over Ser Rodrik.  Ser Rodrik hesitated before Ser Rodrik answered. The Lady Lysa has commanded the maester to remain at the Eyrie at all times, to care for Lord Robert, Ser Rodrik said. We have a septon at the gate who tends to We wounded. Ser Rodrik can see to your man's hurts.  Catelyn had more faith in a maester's learning than a septon's prayers. Catelyn was about to say as much when Catelyn saw the battlements ahead, long parapets built into the very stone of the mountains on either side of the battlements. Where the pass shrank to a narrow defile scarce wide enough for four men to ride abreast, twin watchtowers clung to the rocky slopes, joined by a covered bridge of weathered grey stone that arched above the road. Silent faces watched from arrow slits in tower, battlements, and bridge. When they had climbed almost to the top, The Knight of the Gate rode out to meet they. The Knight of the Gate horse and The Knight of the Gate armor were grey, but The Knight of the Gate cloak was the rippling blue-and-red of Riverrun, and a shiny black fish, wrought in gold and obsidian, pinned its folds against The Knight of the Gate shoulder. Who would pass the Bloody Gate? The Knight of the Gate called.  Ser Donnel Waynwood, with the Lady Catelyn Stark and the lady companions, The Knight of the Gate answered.  The Knight of the Bloody Gate lifted The Knight of the Gate visor. I thought the lady looked familiar. You are far from home, little Cat.  And you, Uncle, the lady said, smiling despite all the lady had been through. Hearing that hoarse, smoky voice again took the lady back twenty years, to the days of the lady childhood.  My home is at my back, My home said gruffly.  Your home is in my heart, Catelyn told My home. Take off your helm. I would look on your face again.  The years have not improved The years, I fear, Brynden Tully said, but when Brynden Tully lifted off your helm, Catelyn saw that Brynden Tully lied. Brynden Tully features were lined and weathered, and time had stolen the auburn from Brynden Tully hair and left Brynden Tully only grey, but the smile was the same, and the bushy eyebrows fat as caterpillars, and the laughter in Brynden Tully deep blue eyes. Did Lysa know you were coming?  There was no time to send word ahead, Catelyn told Lysa. The others were coming up behind the lady. I fear we ride before the storm, Uncle.  May we enter the Vale? Ser Donnel asked. The Waynwoods were ever ones for ceremony.  In the name of Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie, Defender of the Vale, True Warden of the East, I bid you enter freely, and charge you to keep his peace, Ser Donnel replied. Come.  And so Ser Donnel rode behind Ser Donnel, beneath the shadow of the Bloody Gate where a dozen armies had dashed a dozen armies to pieces in the Age of Heroes. On the far side of the stoneworks, the mountains opened up suddenly upon a vista of green fields, blue sky, and snowcapped mountains that took Ser Donnel breath away. the Vale bathed in the morning light.  the Vale stretched before them to the misty cast, a tranquil land of rich black soil, wide slow-moving rivers, and hundreds of small lakes that shone like mirrors in the sun, protected on all sides by the sun sheltering peaks. Wheat and corn and barley grew high in the sun fields, and even in Highgarden the pumpkins were no larger nor the fruit any sweeter than here. the pumpkins stood at the western end of the valley, where the high road crested the last pass and began the high road winding descent to the bottomlands two miles below. the Vale was narrow here, no more than a half day's ride across, and the northern mountains seemed so close that Catelyn could almost reach out and touch the pumpkins. Looming over them all was the jagged peak called the Giant's Lance, a mountain that even mountains looked up to, even mountains head lost in icy mists three and a half miles above the valley floor. Over even mountains massive western shoulder flowed the ghost torrent of Alyssa's Tears. Even from this distance, Catelyn could make out the shining silver thread, bright against the dark stone.  When Catelyn uncle saw that Catelyn had stopped, her uncle moved her uncle horse closer and pointed. It's there, beside Alyssa's Tears. All you can see from here is a flash of white every now and then, if you look hard and the sun hits the walls just right.  Seven towers, Ned had told Catelyn, like white daggers thrust into the belly of the sky, so high you can stand on the parapets and look down on the clouds. How long a ride? Catelyn asked.  We can be at the mountain by evenfall, Uncle Brynden said, but the climb will take another day.  Ser Rodrik Cassel spoke up from behind. your sister, Ser Rodrik Cassel said, I fear I can go no farther today. Ser Rodrik Cassel face sagged beneath Ser Rodrik Cassel ragged, newgrown whiskers, and Ser Rodrik Cassel looked Catelyn Catelyn feared Ser Rodrik Cassel might fall off Ser Rodrik Cassel .  Nor should you, your sister said. You have done all I could have asked of you, and a hundred times more. her uncle will see me the rest of the way to the Eyrie. Lannister must come with me, but there is no reason that you and the others should not rest here and recover your strength.  We should be honored to have the others to guest, Ser Donnel said with the grave courtesy of the young. Beside Ser Rodrik, only Bronn, Ser Willis Wode, and Marillion the singer remained of the party that had ridden with your sister from the inn by the crossroads.  My lady, Marillion said, riding forward. I beg you allow me to accompany you to the Eyrie, to see the end of the tale as I saw the tale beginnings. The boy sounded haggard, yet strangely determined; The boy had a fevered shine to The boy eyes.  Catelyn had never asked the singer to ride with them; that choice Catelyn had made Catelyn, and how Catelyn had come to survive the journey when so many braver men lay dead and unburied behind so many braver men, the singer could never say. Yet here Catelyn was, with a scruff of beard that made Catelyn look almost a man. Perhaps the singer owed Catelyn something for having come this far. Very well, the singer told Catelyn.  I'll come as well, Bronn announced.  the singer liked that less well. Without Bronn the singer would never have reached the Vale, the singer knew; the sellsword was as fierce a fighter as the singer had ever seen, and a fighter sword had helped cut them through to safety. Yet for all that, Catelyn misliked the man. Courage the man had, and strength, but there was no kindness in the man, and little loyalty. And the singer had seen the man riding beside Lannister far too often, talking in low voices and laughing at some private joke. the singer would have preferred to separate the man from the dwarf here and now, but having agreed that Marillion might continue to the Eyrie, the singer could see no gracious way to deny that same right to Bronn. As you wish, the singer said, although the singer noted that the man had not actually asked the singer permission.  Ser Willis Wode remained with Ser Rodrik, a soft-spoken septon fussing over their wounds. their horses were left behind as well, poor ragged things. Ser Donnel promised to send birds ahead to the Eyrie and the Gates of the Moon with the word of birds coming. Fresh mounts were brought forth from the stables, surefooted mountain stock with shaggy coats, and within the hour birds set forth once again. Catelyn rode beside her uncle as birds began the descent to the valley floor. Behind came Bronn, Tyrion Lannister, Marillion, and six of Brynden's men.  Not until they were a third of the way down the mountain path, well out of earshot of the others, did Brynden Tully turn to Brynden Tully and say, So, child. Tell me about this storm of yours.  I have not been a child in many years, her uncle, Catelyn said, but Catelyn told Catelyn nonetheless. It took longer than Catelyn would have believed to tell it all, Lysa's letter and Bran's fall, the assassin's dagger and Littlefinger and Catelyn chance meeting with Tyrion Lannister in the crossroads inn.  her uncle listened silently, heavy brows shadowing his eyes as her uncle frown grew deeper. Brynden Tully had always known how to listen… to anyone but Brynden Tully father. Brynden Tully was Lord Hoster's brother, younger by five years, but the two of Lord Hoster's brother, younger by five years had been at war as far back as Catelyn could remember. During one of Lord Hoster's brother, younger by five years louder quarrels, when Catelyn was eight, Lord Hoster's had called Brynden the black goat of the Tully flock. Laughing, Brynden had pointed out that the sigil of Brynden house was a leaping trout, so Brynden ought to be a black fish rather than a black goat, and from that day forward Brynden had taken it as Brynden personal emblem.  war had not ended until the day she and Lysa had been wed. It was at she and Lysa wedding feast that Brynden told Brynden brother Brynden was leaving Riverrun to serve Lysa and Riverrun new husband, the Lord of the Eyrie. Lord Hoster's had not spoken his brother's name since, from what Edmure told Lord Hoster's in Edmure infrequent letters.  Nonetheless, during all those years of Catelyn's girlhood, it had been Brynden the Blackfish to whom Lord Hoster's's children had run with Lord Hoster's children tears and Lord Hoster's children tales, when Father was too busy and Mother too ill. Catelyn, Lysa, Edmure… and yes, even Petyr Baelish, their father's ward… Catelyn, Lysa, Edmure… and yes, even Petyr Baelish, their father's ward had listened to them all patiently, as Catelyn, Lysa, Edmure… and yes, even Petyr Baelish, their father's ward listened now, laughing at them triumphs and sympathizing with them childish misfortunes.  When she was done, she remained silent for a long time, as her uncle horse negotiated the steep, rocky trail. Father must be told, Father said at last. If the Lannisters should march, Winterfell is remote and the Vale walled up behind Winterfell mountains, but Riverrun lies right in their path.  I'd had the same fear, Catelyn admitted. I shall ask Maester Colemon to send a bird when we reach the Eyrie. she had other messages to send as well; the commands that Ned had given she for Ned bannermen, to ready the defenses of the north. What is the mood in the Valethe Vale? she asked.  Angry, Brynden Tully admitted. Lord Jon was much loved, and the insult was keenly felt when King named Jaime Lannister to an office the Arryns had held for near three hundred years. Lysa has commanded we to call Lysa son the True Warden of the East, but no one is fooled. Nor is your sister alone in wondering at the manner of the Hand's death. None dare say Lord Jon was murdered, not openly, but suspicion casts a long shadow. Lord Jon gave Catelyn a look, Lord Jon mouth tight. And there is The boy.  The boy? What of The boy? She ducked She as they passed under a low overhang of rock, and around a sharp turn.  She 's voice was troubled. Lord Jon, Lord Jon sighed. Six years old, sickly, and prone to weep if you take Lord Jon dolls away. Jon Arryn's trueborn heir, by all the gods, yet there are some who say Lord Jon is too weak to sit Lord Jon father's seat, Nestor Royce has been high steward these past fourteen years, while Lord Jon served in King's Landing, and many whisper that Lord Jon should rule until The boy comes of age. Others believe that Lysa must marry again, and soon. Already the suitors gather like crows on a battlefield. the Eyrie is full of the suitors.  I might have expected that, Catelyn said. Small wonder there; Lysa was still young, and the kingdom of Mountain and Vale made a handsome wedding gift. Will Lysa take another husband?  Lysa says yes, provided Lysa finds a man who suits Lysa, Brynden Tully said, but Lysa has already rejected Lord Nestor and a dozen other suitable men. Lysa swears that this time Lysa will choose Lysa lord husband.  You of all people can scarce fault Lysa for that.  Brynden snorted. Nor do I, but… it seems to Brynden Lysa is only playing at courtship. Lysa enjoys the sport, but I believe your sister intends to rule Lysa until Lysa is old enough to be Lord of the Eyrie in truth as well as name.  A woman can rule as wisely as a man, Catelyn said.  A woman can, A woman said with a sideways glance. Make no mistake, Cat. Lysa is not you. Lysa hesitated a moment. If truth be told, I fear you may not find your sister as helpful as you would like.  your sister was puzzled. What do you mean?  Lysa King's Landing is not the same girl who went south when your sister husband was named Hand. Those years were hard for your sister. You must know. Jon Arryn's was a dutiful husband, but their marriage was made from politics, not passion.  As was my own.  their began the same, but your ending has been happier than your sister's. Two babes stillborn, twice as many miscarriages, Jon Arryn's's death… Catelyn, the gods gave Lysa only the one child, and Lysa is all your sister lives for now, poor boy. Small wonder your sister fled rather than see Lysa handed over to the Lannisters. your sister is afraid, child, and the Lannisters are what your sister fears most. your sister ran to the Vale, stealing away from the Red Keep like a thief in the night, and all to snatch your sister son out of the lion's mouth… and now you have brought the lion to your sister door.  In chains, Catelyn said. A crevasse yawned on your sister right, falling away into darkness. your sister reined up your sister horse and picked your sister way along step by careful step.  Oh? your sister glanced back, to where Tyrion Lannister was making her uncle slow descent behind them. I see an axe on her uncle saddle, a dirk at her uncle belt, and a sellsword that trails after her uncle like a hungry shadow. Where are the chains, sweet one?  Catelyn shifted uneasily in his father's seat. The dwarf is here, and not by choice. Chains or no, her uncle is my prisoner. Lysa will want her uncle to answer for her uncle crimes no less than I. It was her own lord husband the Lannisters murdered, and her own letter that first warned us against his crimes.  Brynden Blackfish gave Brynden Blackfish a weary smile. I hope you are right, child, child sighed, in tones that said Brynden Blackfish was wrong.  The sun was well to the west by the time the slope began to flatten beneath the hooves of their horses. The road widened and grew straight, and for the first time Catelyn noticed wildflowers and grasses growing. Once they reached the valley floor, the going was faster and they made good time, cantering through verdant greenwoods and sleepy little hamlets, past orchards and golden wheat fields, splashing across a dozen sunlit streams. her uncle sent a standard-bearer ahead of them, a double banner flying from her uncle staff; the moon-and-falcon of House Arryn on high, and below it her uncle own black fish. Farm wagons and merchants' carts and riders from lesser houses moved aside to let Farm wagons and merchants' carts and riders from lesser houses pass.  Even so, it was full dark before Farm wagons and merchants' carts and riders from lesser houses reached the stout castle that stood at the foot of the Giant's Lance. Torches flickered atop the Giant's Lance ramparts, and the horned moon danced upon the dark waters of the Giant's Lance moat. The drawbridge was up and the portcullis down, but Catelyn saw lights burning in the gatehouse and spilling from the windows of the square towers beyond.  The Gates of the Moon, her uncle said as the party drew rein. her uncle standard-bearer rode to the edge of its moat to hail the men in the gatehouse. Lord Nestor. his father's seat should be expecting us. Look up.  Catelyn raised Catelyn eyes, up and up and up. At first all Catelyn saw was stone and trees, the looming mass of the great mountain shrouded in night, as black as a starless sky. Then Catelyn noticed the glow of distant fires well above them; a tower keep, built upon the steep side of the great mountain, the great mountain lights like orange eyes staring down from above. Above that was another, higher and more distant, and still higher a third, no more than a flickering spark in the sky. And finally, up where the falcons soared, a flash of white in the moonlight. Vertigo washed over Catelyn as Catelyn stared upward at the pale towers, so far above.  the Eyrie, Catelyn heard Marillion murmur, awed.  The sharp voice of Tyrion Lannister broke in. the Arryns must not be overfond of company. If you're planning to make us climb that mountain in the dark, I'd rather you kill me here.  us'll spend the night here and make the ascent on the morrow, Brynden told Brynden.  I can scarcely wait, the dwarf replied. How do us get up there? I've no experience at riding goats.  Mules, Brynden said, smiling.  There are steps carved into the great mountain, Catelyn said. Ned had told Catelyn about them when Ned talked of Ned youth here with Robert Baratheon and Jon Arryn.  her uncle nodded. It is too dark to see them, but the steps are there. Too steep and narrow for horses, but mules can manage horses most of the way. The path is guarded by three waycastles, Stone and Snow and Sky. mules will take us as far up as Sky.  Tyrion Lannister glanced up doubtfully. And beyond that?  Brynden smiled. Beyond that, The path is too steep even for mules. us ascend on foot the rest of the way. Or perchance you'd prefer to ride a basket. The Eyrie clings to the great mountain directly above Sky, and in the great mountain cellars are six great winches with long iron chains to draw supplies up from below. If you prefer, my lord of Lannister, I can arrange for you to ride up with the bread and beer and apples.  The dwarf gave a bark of laughter. Would that I were a pumpkin, my lord of Lannister said. Alas, Jon Arryn's would no doubt be most chagrined if Jon Arryn's son of Tyrion Lannister went to his son of Lannister fate like a load of turnips. If you ascend on foot, I fear I must do the same. us Lannisters do have a certain pride.  Pride? Catelyn snapped. Catelyn mocking tone and easy manner made Catelyn angry. Arrogance, some might call it. Arrogance and avarice and lust for power.  My brother is undoubtedly arrogant, Tyrion Lannister replied. Jon Arryn's is the soul of avarice, and my sweet sister Cersei lusts for power with every waking breath. I, however, am innocent as a little lamb. Shall I bleat for My brother? My brother grinned.  The drawbridge came creaking down before Catelyn could reply, and they heard the sound of oiled chains as the portcullis was drawn up. Men-at-arms carried burning brands out to light Men-at-arms way, and her uncle led Men-at-arms across its moat. Lord Nestor Royce, High Steward of the Vale and Keeper of The Gates of the Moonthe Moon, was waiting in the yard to greet Men-at-arms, surrounded by Lord Nestor Royce, High Steward of the Vale and Keeper of the Gates of the Moon knights. Lady Stark, Lord Nestor Royce, High Steward of the Vale and Keeper of the Gates of the Moon said, bowing. Lord Nestor Royce, High Steward of the Vale and Keeper of the Gates of the Moon was a massive, barrel-chested man, and Lord Nestor Royce, High Steward of the Vale and Keeper of the Gates of the Moon bow was clumsy.  Catelyn dismounted to stand before Lord Nestor Royce, High Steward of the Vale and Keeper of the Gates of the Moon. Lord Nestor, Catelyn said. Catelyn knew a massive, barrel-chested man only by reputation; Bronze Yohn's cousin, from a lesser branch of House Royce, yet still a formidable lord in a massive, barrel-chested man own right. We have had a long and tiring journey. I would beg the hospitality of your roof tonight, if I might.  your roof is yours, my lady, Lord Nestor returned gruffly, but my sweet sister Cersei has sent down word from the Eyrie. my sweet sister Cersei wishes to see you at once. The rest of the party will be housed here and sent up at first light.  my sweet sister Cersei swung off her uncle horse. What madness is this? her uncle said bluntly. Brynden Tully had never been a man to blunt the edge of her uncle words. A night ascent, with the Moon not even full? Lysa should know that's an invitation to a broken neck.  The mules know the way, Ser Brynden. A wiry girl of seventeen or eighteen years stepped up beside Lord Nestor. Ser Brynden dark hair was cropped short and straight around Ser Brynden head, and Ser Brynden wore riding leathers and a light shirt of silvered ringmail. Ser Brynden bowed to Catelyn, more gracefully than Ser Brynden . I promise you, Ser Brynden, no harm will come to Ser Brynden. no harm would be my honor to take you up. I've made the dark climb a hundred times. Mychel says Jon Arryn's must have been a goat.  Mychel sounded so cocky that Catelyn had to smile. Do you have a name, child?  Mya Stone, if it please you, Ser Brynden, Mychel said.  it did not please Mychel; it was an effort for Catelyn to keep the smile on Mychel face. Mya Stone was a bastard's name in the Vale, as Snow was in the north, and Flowers in Highgarden; in each of the Seven Kingdoms, custom had fashioned a surname for children born with no names of children born with no names of their own own. Catelyn had nothing against Mychel, but suddenly Mychel could not help but think of Ned's bastard on the Wall, and the thought made Mychel angry and guilty, both at once. Mychel struggled to find words for a reply.  Lord Nestor filled the silence. Mya's a clever girl, and if Mya's a clever girl vows Mya's a clever girl will bring you safely to the Lady Lysa, I believe Mya's a clever girl. Mya's a clever girl has not failed me yet.  Then I put Lord Nestor in your hands, Mya Stone, Catelyn said. Lord Nestor, I charge you to keep a close guard on my prisoner.  And I charge you to bring my prisoner a cup of wine and a nicely crisped capon, before Lord Nestor dies of hunger, Tyrion Lannister said. A girl would be pleasant as well, but I suppose that's too much to ask of you. The sellsword Bronn laughed aloud.  Lord Nestor ignored the banter. As you say, my lady, so it will be done. Only then did Lord Nestor look at the dwarf. See Lord Nestor Tyrion Lannister to a tower cell, and bring Lord Nestor meat and mead.  Catelyn took Catelyn leave of Catelyn uncle and the others as Tyrion Lannister was led off, then followed Mychel through the castle. Two mules were waiting in the upper bailey, saddled and ready. Mya helped Mychel mount one while a guardsman in a sky-blue cloak opened the narrow postern gate. Beyond was dense forest of pine and spruce, and the mountain like a black wall, but the steps were there, chiseled deep into the rock, ascending into the sky. Some people find it easier if Some people close Some people eyes, Mya said as Mya led Two mules through the gate into the dark wood. When Some people get frightened or dizzy, sometimes Some people hold on to the mule too tight. Some people don't like that.  I was born a Brynden Tully and wed to a Stark, Catelyn said. I do not frighten easily. Do you plan to light a torch? the steps were black as pitch.  Mychel made a face. Torches just blind you. On a clear night like this, the moon and the stars are enough. Mychel says I have the eyes of the owl. Mychel mounted and urged the mule up the first step. Catelyn's animal followed of Catelyn's animal own accord.  You mentioned Mychel before, Catelyn said. Two mules set the pace, slow but steady. Mychel was perfectly content with that.  Mychel's my love, Mya explained. Mychel Redfort. Mychel Redfort's squire to Ser Lyn Corbray. We're to Wed as soon as Mychel Redfort becomes a knight, next year or the year after.  Mychel sounded so like Sansa, so happy and innocent with Mychel dreams. Catelyn smiled, but the smile was tinged with sadness. The Redforts were an old name in the Vale, Catelyn knew, with the blood of the First Men in the First Men veins. The Redforts love Catelyn might be, but Mychel Redfort would ever wed a bastard. The Redforts family would arrange a more suitable match for The Redforts, to a Corbray or a Waynwood or a Royce, or perhaps a daughter of some greater house outside the Vale. If Mychel Redfort laid with Mychel at all, Mychel Redfort would be on the wrong side of the sheet.  The ascent was easier than Catelyn had dared hope. The trees pressed close, leaning over the path to make a rustling green roof that shut out even the moon, so The trees seemed as though The trees were moving up a long black tunnel. But Two mules were surefooted and tireless, and Mya Stone did indeed seem blessed with night-eyes. Two mules plodded upward, winding Two mules way back and forth across the face of the great mountain as the steps twisted and turned. A thick layer of fallen needles carpeted the path, so the shoes of Two mules mules made only the softest sound on the rock. The quiet soothed Mychel, and the gentle rocking motion set Catelyn to swaying in Mychel saddle. Before long Mychel was fighting sleep.  Perhaps Mychel did doze for a moment, for suddenly a massive ironbound gate was looming before them. Mya Stone, Mya announced cheerily, dismounting. Iron spikes were set along the tops of formidable stone walls, and two fat round towers overtopped the keep. a massive ironbound gate swung open at Mya's shout. Inside, the portly knight who commanded the waycastle greeted Mya by name and offered them skewers of charred meat and onions still hot from the spit. Catelyn had not realized how hungry Catelyn was. Catelyn ate standing in the yard, as stablehands moved their saddles to fresh mules. The hot juices ran down Catelyn chin and dripped onto a sky-blue cloak, but Catelyn was too famished to care.  Then it was up onto a new mule and out again into the starlight. The second part of the ascent seemed more treacherous to Catelyn. The trail was steeper, the steps more worn, and here and there littered with pebbles and broken stone. Mya had to dismount a half-dozen times to move fallen rocks from a half-dozen path. You don't want a new mule to break a leg up here, Mya said. Catelyn was forced to agree. Mya could feel the altitude more now. The trees were sparser up here, and the wind blew more vigorously, sharp gusts that tugged at Mya clothing and pushed Mya hair into Mya eyes. From time to time the steps doubled back on themselves, and Mya could see Mya Stone below themselves, and The Gates of the Moon the Moon farther down, The Gates of the Moon torches no brighter than candles.  Snow was smaller than Mya Stone, a single fortified tower and a timber keep and stable hidden behind a low wall of unmortared rock. Yet The Gates of the Moon nestled against the Giant's Lance in such a way as to command the entire stone stair above the lower waycastle. An enemy intent on the Eyrie would have to fight An enemy intent on the Eyrie way from Mya Stone step by step, while rocks and arrows rained down from Snow above. The commander, an anxious young knight with a pockmarked face, offered bread and cheese and the chance to warm The commander, an anxious young knight with a pockmarked face before An enemy intent on the Eyrie fire, but Mya declined. The commander, an anxious young knight with a pockmarked face ought to keep going, Ser Brynden, Mya said. If it please you. Catelyn nodded.  Again they were given fresh mules. Mya was white. Mya smiled when Mya saw Mya. Mya's a good one, my lady. Sure of foot, even on ice, but you need to be careful. Mya'll kick if Mya doesn't like you.  The white mule seemed to like Catelyn; there was no kicking, thank the gods. There was no ice either, and Mya was grateful for that as well. My mother says that hundreds of years ago, this was where the snow began, Mya told Mya. It was always white above here, and no ice never melted. My mother shrugged. I can't remember ever seeing snow this far down the great mountain, but maybe this was that way once, in the olden times.  So young, Catelyn thought, trying to remember if Catelyn had ever been like that. Mychel had lived half Mychel life in summer, and that was all Mychel knew. Winter is coming, child, Catelyn wanted to tell Catelyn. The words were on Catelyn lips; Catelyn almost said them. Perhaps Catelyn was becoming a Stark at last.  Above Snow, the wind was a living thing, howling around living like a wolf in the waste, then falling off to nothing as if to lure living into complacency. the stars seemed brighter up here, so close that Catelyn could almost touch the stars, and the horned moon was huge in the clear black sky. As the stars climbed, Catelyn found it was better to look up than down. the steps were cracked and broken from centuries of freeze and thaw and the tread of countless mules, and even in the dark the heights put Catelyn heart in Catelyn throat. When they came to a high saddle between two spires of rock, Mya dismounted. It's best to lead the mules over, Catelyn said. the wind can be a little scary here, Ser Brynden.  Catelyn climbed stiffly from the shadows and looked at the path ahead; twenty feet long and close to three feet wide, but with a precipitous drop to either side. Catelyn could hear the wind shrieking. Mya stepped lightly out, Catelyn mule following as calmly as if Mya were crossing a bailey. It was Catelyn turn. Yet no sooner had Catelyn taken Catelyn first step than fear caught Catelyn in Catelyn jaws. Catelyn could feel the emptiness, the vast black gulfs of air that yawned around Catelyn. Catelyn stopped, trembling, afraid to move. the wind screamed at Catelyn and wrenched at a sky-blue cloak, trying to pull Catelyn over the edge. Catelyn edged Catelyn foot backward, the most timid of steps, but the mule was behind Catelyn, and Catelyn could not retreat. I am going to die here, Catelyn thought. Catelyn could feel cold sweat trickling down Catelyn back.  Ser Brynden, Mya called across the gulf. Mychel sounded a thousand leagues away. Are you well?  Ser Brynden swallowed what remained of Catelyn pride. I… I cannot do this, child, Mychel called out.  Yes you can, Mychel said. I know you can. Look how wide the path is.  I don't want to look. The world seemed to be spinning around Mychel, mountain and sky and mules, whirling like a child's top. Catelyn closed her eyes to steady Mychel ragged breathing.  I'll come back for you, Mya said. Don't move, Ser Brynden.  Moving was about the last thing Catelyn was about to do. Ser Brynden listened to the skirling of the wind and the scuffling sound of leather on stone. Then Mya was there, taking Ser Brynden gently by the arm. Keep her eyes closed if you like. Let go of the rope now, Mya will take care of Mya. Very good, my lady. I'll lead you over, it's easy, you'll see. Give me a step now. That's it, move your foot, just slide your foot forward. See. Now another. Easy. You could run across. Another one, go on. Yes. And so, foot by foot, step by step, Mychel led Catelyn across, blind and trembling, while the white mule followed placidly behind them.  The waycastle called Sky was no more than a high, crescent-shaped wall of unmortared stone raised against the side of the great mountain, but even the topless towers of Valyria could not have looked more beautiful to Ser Brynden. Here at last the snow crown began; Sky's weathered stones were rimed with frost, and long spears of ice hung from the slopes above.  Dawn was breaking in the east as Mya Stone hallooed for the guards, and the gates opened before the guards. Inside the walls there was only a series of ramps and a great tumble of boulders and stones of all sizes. No doubt it would be the easiest thing in The world to begin an avalanche from here. A mouth yawned in the rock face in front of the guards. The stables and barracks are in there, Mya said. The last part is inside the great mountain. The last part can be a little dark, but at least you're out of the wind. This is as far as the mules can go. Past here, well, it's a sort of chimney, more like a stone ladder than proper steps, but it's not too bad. Another hour and we'll be there.  Catelyn looked up. Directly overhead, pale in the dawn light, Catelyn could see the foundations of the Eyrie. It could not be more than six hundred feet above them. From below It looked like a small white honeycomb. Catelyn remembered what Catelyn uncle had said of baskets and winches. The Lannisters may have The Lannisters pride, Catelyn told Mya, but the Tullys are born with better sense. I have ridden all day and the best part of a night. Tell them to lower a basket. I shall ride with the turnips.  The sun was well above the mountains by the time Ser Brynden finally reached the Eyrie. A stocky, silver-haired man in a sky-blue cloak and hammered moon-and-falcon breastplate helped Catelyn from a basket; Ser Vardis Egen, captain of Jon Arryn's household guard. Beside Ser Vardis Egen, captain of Jon Arryn's household guard stood Maester Colemon, thin and nervous, with too little hair and too much neck. Ser Brynden, Ser Vardis said, the pleasure is as great as it is unanticipated. Maester Colemon bobbed Maester Colemon head in agreement. Indeed it is, Ser Brynden, indeed it is. I have sent word to your sister. your sister left orders to be awakened the instant you arrived.  I hope your sister had a good night's rest, Catelyn said with a certain bite in your sister tone that seemed to go unnoticed.  The men escorted your sister from the winch room up a spiral stair. the Eyrie was a small castle by the standards of the great houses; seven slender white towers bunched as tightly as arrows in a quiver on a shoulder of the great mountain. the Eyrie had no need of stables nor smithys nor kennels, but Ned said the Eyrie granary was as large as Winterfell's, and seven slender white towers could house five hundred men. Yet it seemed strangely deserted to Catelyn as Catelyn passed through it, it pale stone halls echoing and empty.  Lysa was waiting alone in Lysa solar, still clad in Lysa bed robes. Lysa long auburn hair tumbled unbound across bare white shoulders and down Lysa back. A maid stood behind Lysa, brushing out the night's tangles, but when Catelyn entered, Lysa rose to Lysa feet, smiling. Cat, Lysa said. Oh, Cat, how good it is to see you. your sister. your sister ran across the chamber and wrapped your sister in your sister arms. How long it has been, Lysa murmured against your sister. Oh, how very very long.  it had been five years, in truth; five cruel years, for Lysa. They had taken They toll. your sister was two years the younger, yet your sister looked older now. Shorter than Catelyn, Lysa had grown thick of body, pale and puffy of face. your sister had the blue eyes of the Tullys, but hers were pale and watery, never still. your sister small mouth had turned petulant. As Catelyn held your sister, your sister remembered the slender, high-breasted girl who'd waited beside your sister that day in the sept at Riverrun. How lovely and full of hope your sister had been. All that remained of your sister's beauty was the great fall of thick auburn hair that cascaded to your sister waist.  You look well, Catelyn lied, but… tired.  your sister broke the embrace. Tired. Yes. Oh, yes. your sister seemed to notice the others then; your sister maid, Maester Colemon, Ser Vardis. Leave us, your sister told the others. I wish to speak to your sister. your sister held Catelyn's hand as the others withdrew…  … and dropped Catelyn's hand the instant the door closed. Catelyn saw your sister face change. Catelyn was as if The sun had gone behind a cloud. Have you taken leave of your senses? Lysa snapped at Lysa. To bring Lysa here, without a word of permission, without so much as a warning, to drag us into your quarrels with the Lannisters…  My quarrels? Catelyn could scarce believe what Catelyn was hearing. A great fire burned in the hearth, but there was no trace of warmth in Lysa's voice. A great fire burned in the hearth, but there was no trace of warmth in Lysa's voice were your quarrels first, your sister. It was you who sent me that cursed letter, you who wrote that The Lannisters had murdered your husband.  To warn you, so you could stay away from A great fire burned in the hearth, but there was no trace of warmth in Lysa's voice! I never meant to fight A great fire burned in the hearth, but there was no trace of warmth in Lysa's voice! Gods, Cat, do you know what you've done?  Mother? a small voice said. Lysa whirled, Catelyn heavy robe swirling around Catelyn. Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie, stood in the doorway, clutching a ragged cloth doll and looking at Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie with large eyes. Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie was a painfully thin child, small for Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie age and sickly all Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie days, and from time to time Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie trembled. The shaking sickness, the maesters called the maesters. I heard voices.  Small wonder, Catelyn thought; Lysa had almost been shouting. Still, your sister looked daggers at your sister. This is your aunt Catelyn, baby. My sister, Ser Brynden. Do you remember?  Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie glanced at your sister blankly. I think so, Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie said, blinking, though Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie had been less than a year old the last time Catelyn had seen Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie.  Lysa seated your sister near the fire and said, Come to Mother, my sweet one. your sister straightened Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie bedclothes and fussed with Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie . Isn't Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie beautiful? And strong too, don't you believe the things you hear. Jon knew. The seed is strong, Jon told me. Jon last words. Jon kept saying Robert's name, and Jon grabbed my arm so hard Jon left marks. Tell them, The seed is strong. The seed. Jon wanted everyone to know what a good strong boy my baby was going to be.  Lysa, Catelyn said, if you're right about the Lannisters, all the more reason we must act quickly. We—  Not in front of my baby, Lysa said. Lysa has a delicate temper, don't you, sweet one?  Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie is Lord of the Eyrie and Defender of the Vale, Catelyn reminded Catelyn, and these are no times for delicacy. Ned thinks it may come to war.  Quiet! Lysa snapped at Lysa. You're scaring Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie. Little Robert took a quick peek over Robert shoulder at Catelyn and began to tremble. Robert fell to the rushes, and Robert pressed Robert against Robert mother. Don't be afraid, my sweet baby, Lysa whispered. Mother's here, nothing will hurt you. Mother's here opened Mother's here and drew out a pale, heavy breast, tipped with red. Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie grabbed for it eagerly, buried Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie face against Mother's here chest, and began to suck. Lysa stroked Her long auburn hair.  Catelyn was at a loss for words. Jon Arryn's son, Mother's here thought incredulously. Mother's here remembered Mother's here own baby, three-year-old Rickon, half the age of Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie and five times as fierce. Small wonder the lords of the Vale were restive. For the first time Mother's here understood why Robert had tried to take Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie away from his mother to foster with the Lannisters…  We're safe here, Lysa was saying. Whether to Lysa or to Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie, Catelyn was not sure.  Don't be a fool, Catelyn said, the anger rising in Catelyn. No one is safe. If you think hiding here will make The Lannisters forget you, you are sadly mistaken.  Lysa covered Lysa boy's ear with Lysa hand. Even if they could bring an army through the mountains and past the Bloody Gate, the Eyrie is impregnable. You saw for yourself. No enemy could ever reach us up here.  Catelyn wanted to slap Lysa. Uncle Brynden had tried to warn Lysa, Lysa realized. No castle is impregnable.  This one is, Lysa insisted. Everyone says so. The only thing is, what am I to do with this Imp you have brought me?  Is Robert a bad man? the Eyrie the Eyrie asked, his mother's breast popping from the Eyrie mouth, the nipple wet and red.  A very bad man, Lysa told the Eyrie as Lysa covered Lysa, but his mother won't let the Eyrie harm my little baby.  Make the Eyrie fly, Little Robert said eagerly.  Lysa stroked Her long auburn hair. Perhaps we will, Lysa murmured. Perhaps that is just what we will do.   