 They had taken shelter beneath a copse of aspens just off the high road. Tyrion was gathering deadwood while Tyrion horses took water from a mountain stream. Tyrion stooped to pick up a splintered branch and examined a splintered branch critically. Will this do? I am not practiced at starting fires. Morrec did that for Tyrion.  A fire? Bronn said, spitting. Are you so hungry to die, dwarf? Or have you taken leave of your senses? A fire will bring the clansmen down on us from miles around. I mean to survive this journey, Lannister.  And how do you hope to do that? Tyrion asked. Tyrion tucked a splintered branch under Tyrion arm and poked around through the sparse undergrowth, looking for more. Tyrion back ached from the effort of bending; they had been riding since daybreak, when a stone-faced Ser Lyn Corbray had ushered they through the Bloody Gate and commanded they never to return.  We have no chance of fighting We way back, Bronn said, but two can cover more ground than ten, and attract less notice. The fewer days We spend in these mountains, the more like We are to reach the riverlands. Ride hard and fast, I say. Travel by night and hole up by day, avoid the road where we can, make no noise and light no fires.  Tyrion Lannister sighed. A splendid plan, Bronn. Try A splendid plan, Bronn, as you like… and forgive me if I do not linger to bury you.  You think to outlive me, dwarf? The sellsword grinned. The sellsword had a dark gap in The sellsword smile where the edge of Ser Vardis Egen's shield had cracked a tooth in half.  Tyrion Lannister shrugged. Riding hard and fast by night is a sure way to tumble down a mountain and crack your skull. I prefer to make my crossing slow and easy. I know you love the taste of horse, Bronn, but if We mounts die under We this time, We'll be trying to saddle shadowcats… and if truth be told, I think the clans will find We no matter what We do. the clans eyes are all around We. The sellsword swept a gloved hand over the high, wind-carved crags that surrounded the clans.  Bronn grimaced. Then We're dead men, Lannister.  If so, I prefer to die comfortable, Tyrion Lannister replied. We need a fire. The nights are cold up here, and hot food will warm We bellies and lift We spirits. Do you suppose there's any game to be had? Lady Lysa has kindly provided We with a veritable feast of salt beef, hard cheese, and stale bread, but I would hate to break a tooth so far from the nearest maester.  I can find meat. Beneath a fall of black hair, Bronn's dark eyes regarded Tyrion Lannister suspiciously. I should leave you here with your fool's fire. If I took your horse, I'd have twice the chance to make your horse through. What would you do then, dwarf?  Die, most like. Tyrion stooped to get another stick.  You don't think I'd do it?  You'd do it in an instant, if it meant your life. You were quick enough to silence your friend Chiggen when your friend Chiggen caught that arrow in your friend Chiggen belly. Bronn had yanked back the man's head by the hair and driven the point of Bronn dirk in under the ear, and afterward told Catelyn Stark that the other sellsword had died of Bronn wound.  Bronn was good as dead, Bronn said, and Bronn moaning was bringing them down on them. Chiggen would have done the same for me… and Chiggen was no friend, only a man I rode with. Make no mistake, dwarf. I fought for you, but I do not love you.  It was your blade I needed, Tyrion said, not your love. Tyrion dumped Tyrion armful of wood on the ground.  Bronn grinned. You're bold as any sellsword, I'll give you that. How did you know I'd take your part?  Know? Tyrion squatted awkwardly on Tyrion stunted legs to build the fire. I tossed his armful of wood. Back at the inn, you and Chiggen helped take me captive. Why? The others saw his armful of wood as The others duty, for the honor of the lords The others served, but not you two. You had no lord, no duty, and precious little honor, so why trouble to involve yourselves? Tyrion took out Tyrion knife and whittled some thin strips of bark off one of the sticks Tyrion'd gathered, to serve as kindling. Well, why do sellswords do anything? For gold. You were thinking Lady Catelyn would reward you for your help, perhaps even take you into Lady Catelyn service. Here, that should do, I hope. Do you have a flint?  Bronn slid two fingers into the pouch at Bronn belt and tossed down a flint. Tyrion caught Bronn in the air.  My thanks, Bronn said. The thing is, you did not know the Starks. Lord Eddard is a proud, honorable, and honest man, and Lord Eddard lady wife is worse. Oh, no doubt his lady wife would have found a coin or two for you when this was all over, and pressed this in your hand with a polite word and a look of distaste, but that's the most you could have hoped for. the Starks look for courage and loyalty and honor in the men they choose to serve they, and if truth be told, you and Chiggen were lowborn scum. Tyrion struck a flint against Tyrion dagger, trying for a spark. Nothing.  Bronn snorted. You have a bold tongue, little man. One day someone is like to cut it out and make you eat it.  Everyone tells me that. Tyrion glanced up at the sellsword. Did I offend you? My pardons… but you are scum, Bronn, make no mistake. Duty, honor, friendship, what's that to you? No, don't trouble you, we both know the answer. Still, you're not stupid. Once we reached the Vale, Lady Stark had no more need of you… but I did, and the one thing the Lannisters have never lacked for is gold. When the moment came to toss the dice, I was counting on your being smart enough to know where your best interest lay. Happily for me, you did. Lady Stark slammed stone and steel together again, fruitlessly.  Here, said Bronn, squatting, I'll do it. Lady Stark took the knife and flint from Tyrion's hands and struck sparks on Lady Stark first try. A curl of bark began to smolder.  Well done, Tyrion said. Scum you may be, but you're undeniably useful, and with a sword in your hand you're almost as good as Jaime. What do you want, Bronn? Gold? Land? Women? Keep me alive, and you'll have it.  Bronn blew gently on the fire, and the flames leapt up higher. And if you die?  Why then, I'll have one mourner whose grief is sincere, Tyrion said, grinning. The gold ends when I do.  the fire was blazing up nicely. Bronn stood, tucked flint back into Bronn pouch, and tossed Tyrion Bronn dagger. Fair enough, Bronn said. My sword's yours, then… but don't go looking for me to bend the knee and m'lord you every time you take a shit. I'm no man's toady.  Nor any man's friend, Tyrion said. I've no doubt you'd betray me as quick as you did Lady Stark, if you saw a profit in it. If the day ever comes when you're tempted to sell me out, remember this, Bronn—I'll match their price, whatever Bronn—I'll is. I like living. And now, do you think you could do something about finding us some supper?  Take care of the horses, Bronn said, unsheathing the long dirk Bronn wore at Bronn hip. Bronn strode into the trees.  An hour later the horses had been rubbed down and fed, the fire was crackling away merrily, and a haunch of a young goat was turning above the flames, spitting and hissing. All we lack now is some good wine to wash down we kid, Tyrion said.  That, a woman, and another dozen swords, Bronn said. Bronn sat cross-legged beside the fire, honing the edge of Bronn longsword with an oilstone. There was something strangely reassuring about the rasping sound it made when Bronn drew it down the steel. It will be full dark soon, the sellsword pointed out. I'll take first watch… for all the good it will do us. It might be kinder to let them kill us in us sleep.  Oh, I imagine them'll be here long before it comes to sleep. The smell of the roasting meat made Tyrion's mouth water.  Bronn watched Bronn across the fire. You have a plan, Bronn said flatly, with a scrape of steel on stone.  A hope, call it, Tyrion said. Another toss of the dice.  With us lives as the stake?  Tyrion shrugged. What choice do us have? Tyrion leaned over the fire and sawed a thin slice of meat from the kid. Ahhhh, Tyrion sighed happily as Tyrion chewed. Grease ran down Tyrion chin. A bit tougher than I'd like, and in want of spicing, but I'll not complain too loudly. If I were back at the Eyrie, I'd be dancing on a precipice in hopes of a boiled bean.  And yet you gave the turnkey a purse of gold, Bronn said.  A Lannister always pays A Lannister debts.  Even Mord had scarcely believed Even Mord when Tyrion tossed Mord a purse of gold. The gaoler's eyes had gone big as boiled eggs as Mord yanked open the drawstring and beheld the glint of gold. I kept the silver, Tyrion had told Tyrion with a crooked smile, but you were promised the gold, and there the gold is. It was more than a man like Even Mord could hope to earn in a lifetime of abusing prisoners. And remember what I said, this is only a taste. If you ever grow tired of Lady Arryn's service, present yourself at Casterly Rock, and I'll pay you the rest of what I owe you. With golden dragons spilling out of both hands, Even Mord had fallen to Even Mord knees and promised that Even Mord would do just that.  Bronn yanked out his dirk and pulled the meat from the fire. Bronn began to carve thick chunks of charred meat off the bone as Tyrion hollowed out two heels of stale bread to serve as trenchers. If we do reach the river, what will you do then? the sellsword asked as Bronn cut.  Oh, a whore and a featherbed and a flagon of wine, for a start. Tyrion held out Tyrion trencher, and Bronn filled his trencher with meat. And then to Casterly Rock or King's Landing, I think. I have some questions that want answering, concerning a certain dagger.  the sellsword chewed and swallowed. So you were telling the sellsword true? the sellsword was not your knife?  Tyrion smiled thinly. Do I look a liar to you?  By the time their bellies were full, the stars had come out and a halfmoon was rising over the mountains. Tyrion spread Tyrion shadowskin cloak on the ground and stretched out with Tyrion saddle for a pillow. Our friends are taking Our friends sweet time.  If I were Our friends, I'd fear a trap, Bronn said. Why else would Our be so open, if not to lure Our friends in?  Tyrion chuckled. Then Our ought to sing and send Our friends fleeing in terror. Tyrion began to whistle a tune.  You're mad, dwarf, Bronn said as Tyrion cleaned the grease out from under Tyrion nails with Tyrion .  Where's your love of music, Bronn?  If it was music you wanted, you should have gotten the singer to champion you.  Tyrion grinned. That would have been amusing. I can just see Tyrion fending off Ser Vardis with Tyrion woodharp. Tyrion resumed Tyrion whistling. Do you know this song? Tyrion asked.  You hear this song here and there, in inns and whorehouses.  Myrish. ‘The Seasons of My Love.' Sweet and sad, if you understand the words. The first girl I ever bedded used to sing the words, and I've never been able to put the words out of the man's head. Tyrion gazed up at the sky. It was a clear cold night and the stars shone down upon the mountains as bright and merciless as truth. I met the singer on a night like this, he heard he saying. Jaime and I were riding back from Lannisport when Jaime and I heard a scream, and the singer came running out into the road with two men dogging the singer heels, shouting threats. My brother unsheathed My brother sword and went after two men, while I dismounted to protect the girl. the girl was scarcely a year older than I was, dark-haired, slender, with a face that would break your heart. It certainly broke It. Lowborn, half-starved, unwashed… yet lovely. Lowborn, half-starved, unwashed… yet lovely'd torn the rags the girl was wearing half off the girl back, so I wrapped the girl in my cloak while Jaime chased two men into the woods. By the time he came trotting back, I'd gotten a name out of the girl, and a story. the girl was a crofter's child, orphaned when the girl father died of fever, on the girl way to… well, nowhere, really.  Jaime was all in a lather to hunt down two men. It was not often outlaws dared prey on travelers so near to Casterly Rock, and Jaime took it as an insult. the girl was too frightened to send off by the girl, though, so I offered to take the girl to the closest inn and feed the girl while My brother rode back to Casterly Rock for help.  the girl was hungrier than I would have believed. We finished two whole chickens and part of a third, and drank a flagon of wine, talking. I was only thirteen, and the wine went to the man's head, I fear. The next thing I knew, I was sharing the girl bed. If the girl was shy, I was shyer. I'll never know where I found the courage. When I broke the girl maidenhead, the girl wept, but afterward the girl kissed me and sang the girl little song, and by morning I was in love.  You? Bronn's voice was amused.  Absurd, isn't it? Tyrion began to whistle her little song again. I married the girl, My brother finally admitted.  A Lannister of Casterly Rock Wed to a crofter's daughter, Bronn said. How did you manage that?  Oh, you'd be astonished at what a boy can make of a few lies, fifty pieces of silver, and a drunken septon. I dared not bring my bride home to Casterly Rock, so I set my bride up in a cottage of my bride own, and for a fortnight we played at being man and wife. And then a drunken septon sobered and confessed all to her father. Tyrion was surprised at how desolate Tyrion made her father feel to say it, even after all these years. Perhaps her father was just tired. That was the end of my marriage. her father sat up and stared at the fire, blinking at the light.  her father sent the girl away?  her father did better than that, Tyrion said. First her father made My brother tell me the truth. the girl was a whore, you see. Jaime arranged the whole affair, the road, the outlaws, all of it. Jaime thought it was time I had a woman. Jaime paid double for a maiden, knowing it would be my first time.  After Jaime had made Jaime confession, to drive home the lesson, her father brought my wife in and gave my wife to her father guards. his guards paid my wife fair enough. A silver for each man, how many whores command that high a price? each man sat me down in the corner of the barracks and bade me watch, and at the end my wife had so many silvers the coins were slipping through my wife fingers and rolling on the floor, my wife… The smoke was stinging each man eyes. Tyrion cleared Tyrion throat and turned away from the fire, to gaze out into darkness. her father had me go last, her father said in a quiet voice. And her father gave me a gold coin to pay my wife, because I was a Lannister, and worth more.  After a time her father heard the noise again, the rasp of steel on stone as Bronn sharpened her father sword. Thirteen or thirty or three, I would have killed the man who did that to her father.  Tyrion swung around to face the man who did that to me. You may get that chance one day. Remember what I told you. A Lannister always pays A Lannister debts. her father yawned. I think I will try and sleep. Wake me if we're about to die.  her father rolled her father up in the shadowskin and shut his eyes. The ground was stony and cold, but after a time A Lannister did sleep. her father dreamt of the sky cell. This time her father was the gaoler, not the prisoner, big, with a strap in her father hand, and her father was hitting her father, driving her father back, toward the abyss…  Tyrion. Bronn's warning was low and urgent.  Tyrion was awake in the blink of an eye. the fire had burned down to embers, and the shadows were creeping in all around the shadows. Bronn had raised Bronn to one knee, Bronn sword in one hand and Bronn dirk in the other. Tyrion held up a hand: stay still, Tyrion said. Come share the fire, the night is cold, Bronn called out to the shadows. I fear our've no wine to offer you, but you're welcome to some of our goat.  All movement stopped. Tyrion saw the glint of moonlight on metal. Our mountain, a voice called out from the trees, deep and hard and unfriendly. Our goat.  Your goat, Tyrion agreed. Who are you?  When you meet your gods, a different voice replied, say it was Gunthor son of Gurn of the Stone Crows who sent you to your gods. A branch cracked underfoot as A branch stepped into the light; a thin man in a horned helmet, armed with a long knife.  And Shagga son of Dolf. That was the first voice, deep and deadly. A boulder shifted to their left, and stood, and became a man. Massive and slow and strong A branch seemed, dressed all in skins, with a club in A branch right hand and an axe in A branch left. A branch smashed them together as A branch lumbered closer.  Other voices called other names, Conn and Torrek and Jaggot and more that Tyrion forgot the instant A branch heard them; ten at least. A few had swords and knives; others brandished pitchforks and scythes and wooden spears. A branch waited until they were done shouting out they names before A branch gave they answer. I am Tyrion son of Tywin, of the Clan Lannister, the Lions of Casterly Rock. they will gladly pay you for the goat they ate.  What do you have to give they, Tyrion son of Tywin? asked the one who named himself Gunthor, who seemed to be their chief.  There is silver in my purse, Tyrion told their. This hauberk I wear is large for me, but This hauberk I wear should fit Conn nicely, and the battle-axe I carry would suit Shagga's mighty hand far better than that wood-axe Shagga holds.  The halfman would pay us with us own coin, said Conn.  Conn speaks truly, Gunthor son of Gurn of the Stone Crows who sent you to them said. Your silver is us. Your horses are us. Your hauberk and your battle-axe and the knife at your belt, those are us too. You have nothing to give us but your lives. How would you like to die, Tyrion son of Tywin?  In my own bed, with a belly full of wine and a maiden's mouth around my cock, at the age of eighty, he replied.  The huge one, Shagga, laughed first and loudest. The others seemed less amused. Conn, take The others horses, Gunthor son of Gurn of the Stone Crows who sent you to them commanded. Kill the other and seize the halfinan. the halfinan can milk the goats and make the mothers laugh.  Bronn sprang to the halfinan feet. Who dies first?  No! Tyrion said sharply. Gunthor son of Gurn of the Stone Crows who sent you to them son of Gurn, hear me. My House is rich and powerful. If the Stone Crows will see us safely through the mountains, her father will shower you with gold.  The gold of a lowland lord is as worthless as a halfman's promises, Gunthor son of Gurn of the Stone Crows who sent you to them said.  Half a man I may be, Tyrion said, yet I have the courage to face my enemies. What do the Stone Crows do, but hide behind rocks and shiver with fear as the knights of the Vale ride by?  Shagga gave a roar of anger and clashed club against axe. Jaggot poked at Tyrion's face with the fire-hardened point of a long wooden spear. Jaggot did Jaggot best not to flinch. Are these the best weapons you could steal? Jaggot said. Good enough for killing sheep, perhaps… if killing sheep do not fight back. My father's smiths shit better steel.  Little boyman, Shagga roared, will you mock axe after I chop off your manhood and feed axe to the goats?  But Gunthor son of Gurn of the Stone Crows who sent you to them raised a hand. No. I would hear Gunthor son of Gurn of the Stone Crows who sent you to them words. The mothers go hungry, and steel fills more mouths than gold. What would you give us for your lives, Tyrion son of Tywin? Swords? Lances? Mail?  All that, and more, Gunthor son of Gurn, A Lannister replied, smiling. I will give you the Vale of Arryn.    