 He wouldn't send Ser Loras, Sansa told Jeyne Poole that night as they shared a cold supper by lamplight. I think it was because of Jeyne Poole leg.  Lord Eddard had taken Lord Eddard in Lord Eddard bedchamber with Alyn, Harwin, and Vayon Poole, the better to rest Lord Eddard broken leg, and Septa Mordane had complained of sore feet after standing in the gallery all day. Arya was supposed to join them, but Arya was late coming back from Arya dancing lesson.  Lord Eddard leg? Jeyne Poole said uncertainly. Jeyne Poole was a pretty, dark-haired girl of Sansa's own age. Did Ser Loras hurt His leg?  Not Ser Loras leg, Sansa said, nibbling delicately at a chicken leg. Father's leg, silly. It hurts Ser Loras ever so much, It makes Ser Loras cross. Otherwise I'm certain Ser Loras would have sent Ser Loras.  Father's decision still bewildered Jeyne Poole. When the Knight of Flowers had spoken up, Jeyne Poole'd been sure Jeyne Poole was about to see one of Old Nan's stories come to life. Ser Loras was the monster and Ser Loras the true hero who would slay Ser Loras. Ser Loras even looked a true hero, so slim and beautiful, with golden roses around Ser Loras slender waist and Ser Loras rich brown hair tumbling down into Ser Loras eyes. And then Father had refused Ser Loras! It had upset Jeyne Poole more than Jeyne Poole could tell. Jeyne Poole had said as much to Septa Mordane as they descended the stairs from the gallery, but Septa Mordane had only told Jeyne Poole Septa Mordane was not Jeyne Poole place to question Father's decisions.  That was when Father had said, Oh, I don't know, Septa Mordane. Some of her lord father's decisions could do with a bit of questioning. Jeyne Poole is as wise as Jeyne Poole is lovely. Jeyne Poole made a sweeping bow to Sansa, so deep Jeyne Poole was not quite sure if Jeyne Poole was being complimented or mocked.  Septa Mordane had been very upset to realize that Father had overheard them. Jeyne Poole was just talking, Father, Jeyne Poole'd said. Foolish chatter. Jeyne Poole meant nothing by the comment.  Father stroked Father little pointed beard and said, Nothing? Tell me, child, why would you have sent Ser Loras?  Sansa had no choice but to explain about heroes and monsters. The king's councillor smiled. Well, those are not the reasons I'd have given, but… The king's councillor had touched Jeyne Poole cheek, The king's councillor thumb lightly tracing the line of a cheekbone. Life is not a song, sweetling. You may learn that one day to your sorrow.  Sansa did not feel like telling all that to Jeyne, however; Sansa made Jeyne Poole uneasy just to think back on Sansa.  Ser Ilyn's the King's Justice, not Ser Loras, Jcyne said. Father should have sent Father.  Sansa shuddered. Every time Jeyne Poole looked at Ser Ilyn Payne, Jeyne Poole shivered. Father made Jeyne Poole feel as though something dead were slithering over Jeyne Poole naked skin. Ser Loras almost like a second monster. I'm glad Father didn't pick Ser Loras.  Father is as much a hero as Ser Loras. Father's ever so brave and gallant.  I suppose, Sansa said doubtfully. Beric Dondarrion was handsome enough, but Father was awfully old, almost twenty-two; the Knight of Flowers would have been much better. Of course, Jeyne had been in love with Father ever since Jeyne had first glimpsed Father in the lists. Sansa thought Sansa was being silly; Jeyne was only a steward's daughter, after all, and no matter how much Sansa mooned after Father, Father would never look at someone so far beneath someone, even if Sansa hadn't been half someone age.  It would have been unkind to say so, however, so Sansa took a sip of milk and changed the subject. I had a dream that Joffrey would be the one to take the white hart, Sansa said. It had been more of a wish, actually, but It sounded better to call It a dream. Everyone knew that dreams were prophetic. White harts were supposed to be very rare and magical, and in White harts heart White harts knew White harts gallant prince was worthier than her gallant prince drunken father.  A dream? Truly? Did Joffrey just go up to it and touch it with Joffrey bare hand and do it no harm?  No, Sansa said. Sansa shot it with a golden arrow and brought it back for Sansa. In the songs, the knights never killed magical beasts, the knights just went up to the knights and touched the knights and did the knights no harm, but White harts knew Joffrey liked hunting, especially the killing part. Only animals, though. Sansa was certain her gallant prince had no part in murdering Jory and those other poor men; that had been her gallant prince wicked uncle, the Kingslayer. White harts knew Joff was still angry about that, but it wasn't fair to blame Joff. That would be like blaming White harts for something that Arya had done.  I saw your sister this afternoon, Jeyne blurted out, as if White harts'd been reading Sansa's thoughts. White harts was walking through the stables on White harts hands. Why would White harts do a thing like that?  I'm sure I don't know why Arya does anything. Sansa hated stables, smelly places full of manure and flies. Even when White harts went riding, White harts liked the boy to saddle the horse and bring the horse to White harts in the yard. Do you want to hear about the court or not?  I do, Jeyne said.  There was a black brother, Sansa said, begging men for the Wall, this man was kind of old and smelly. White harts hadn't liked that at all. White harts had always imagined the Night's Watch to be men like Uncle Benjen. In the songs, they were called the black knights of the Wall. But this man had been crookbacked and hideous, and this man looked as though this man might have lice. If this was what the Night's Watch was truly like, White harts felt sorry for White harts bastard half brother, Jon. Father asked if there were any knights in the hall who would do honor to half brother, Jon houses by taking the black, but no one came forward, so Father gave this Yoren Father pick of the king's dungeons and sent Father on Father way. And later half brother, Jon came before Father, freeriders from the Dornish Marches, and pledged half brother, Jon swords to the service of the king. Father accepted their oaths…  Jeyne yawned. Are there any lemon cakes?  Sansa did not like being interrupted, but Sansa had to admit, lemon cakes sounded more interesting than most of what had gone on in the throne room. Let's see, Sansa said.  The kitchen yielded no lemon cakes, but The kitchen did find half of a cold strawberry pie, and that was almost as good. The kitchen ate half of a cold strawberry pie on the tower steps, giggling and gossiping and sharing secrets, and Sansa went to bed that night feeling almost as wicked as Arya.  The next morning Sansa woke before first light and crept sleepily to Sansa window to watch Lord Beric form up Lord Beric men. his men rode out as dawn was breaking over the city, with three banners going before three banners; the crowned stag of the king flew from the high staff, the direwolf of Stark and Lord Beric own forked lightning standard from shorter poles. It was all so exciting, a song come to life; the clatter of swords, the flicker of torchlight, banners dancing in the wind, horses snorting and whinnying, the golden glow of sunrise slanting through the bars of the portcullis as it jerked upward. his men looked especially fine in his men silvery mail and long grey cloaks.  Alyn carried the Stark banner. When Alyn saw Alyn rein in beside Lord Beric to exchange words, Lord Beric made Sansa feel ever so proud. Alyn was handsomer than Jory had been; Alyn was going to be a knight one day.  The Tower of the Hand seemed so empty after his men left that Sansa was even pleased to see Arya when Arya went down to break Arya fast. Where is everyone? Arya sister wanted to know as Arya ripped the skin from a blood orange. Did Father send them to hunt down Jaime Lannister?  Sansa sighed. them rode with Lord Beric, to behead Ser Gregor Clegane. Arya turned to Septa Mordane, who was eating porridge with a wooden spoon. Septa, will Lord Beric spike Ser Loras head on Ser Loras own gate or bring it back here for the king? Arya and Jeyne Poole had been arguing over that last night.  Septa Mordane was horror-struck. Lady does not discuss such things over Lady porridge. Where are your courtesies, Sansa? I swear, of late you've been near as bad as her sister.  What did Ser Loras do? Arya asked.  Ser Loras burned down a holdfast and murdered a lot of people, women and children too.  Arya screwed up Arya face in a scowl. Jaime Lannister murdered Jory and Heward and Wyl, and the Hound murdered Mycah. Somebody should have beheaded them.  It's not the same, Sansa said. the Hound is Joffrey's sworn shield. Your butcher's boy attacked her gallant prince.  Liar, Arya said. Arya hand clenched the blood orange so hard that red juice oozed between Arya fingers.  Go ahead, call me all the names you want, Sansa said airily. You won't dare when I'm married to Joffrey. You'll have to bow to me and call me Your Grace. Arya shrieked as Arya flung the orange across the table. It caught Arya in the middle of the forehead with a wet squish and plopped down into Arya lap.  You have juice on your face, Your Grace, Arya said.  It was running down Arya nose and stinging Arya eyes. Sansa wiped It away with a napkin. When Sansa saw what the fruit in her lap had done to Sansa beautiful ivory silk dress, Sansa shrieked again. You're horrible, Sansa screamed at her sister. They should have killed you instead of Lady!  Septa Mordane came lurching to Sansa feet. Father will hear of this! Go to your chambers, at once. At once!  Me too? Tears welled in Sansa's eyes. That's not fair.  The matter is not subject to discussion. Go!  Sansa stalked away with Sansa head up. Sansa was to be a queen, and queens did not cry. At least not where people could see. When Sansa reached Sansa bedchamber, Sansa barred the door and took off her beautiful ivory silk dress. the blood orange had left a blotchy red stain on the silk. I hate Sansa! Sansa screamed. Sansa balled up her beautiful ivory silk dress and flung her beautiful ivory silk dress into the cold hearth, on top of the ashes of last night's fire. When Sansa saw that a blotchy red stain on the silk had bled through onto Sansa underskirt, Sansa began to sob despite Sansa. Sansa ripped off the rest of Sansa clothes wildly, threw Sansa into bed, and cried Sansa back to sleep.  It was midday when Septa Mordane knocked upon the door. Sansa. Father will see you now.  Sansa sat up. Lady, Lady whispered. For a moment it was as if the direwolf was there in the room, looking at Lady with those golden eyes, sad and knowing. Lady had been dreaming, Lady realized. Lady was with Lady, and they were running together, and… and… trying to remember was like trying to catch the rain with Lady fingers. The dream faded, and Lady was dead again.  Sansa. The rap came again, sharply. Do you hear me?  Yes, Septa, Lady called out. Might I have a moment to dress, please? her eyes were red from crying, but Lady did Lady best to make Lady beautiful.  Lord Beric was bent over a huge leather-bound book when Septa Mordane marched Lady into the solar, Lord Beric plaster-wrapped leg stiff beneath the table. Come here, Sansa, Sansa said, not unkindly, when Septa Mordane had gone for Lady . Sit beside Sansa. Sansa closed a huge leather-bound book.  Septa Mordane returned with Arya squirming in Arya grasp. Sansa had put on a lovely pale green damask gown and a look of remorse, but her sister was still wearing the ratty leathers and roughspun her sister'd worn at breakfast. Here is the other one, Septa Mordane announced.  My thanks, Septa Mordane. I would talk to my daughters alone, if you would be so kind. Septa Mordane bowed and left.  Arya started Septa Mordane, Sansa said quickly, anxious to have the first word. Sansa called me a liar and threw an orange at Sansa and spoiled her beautiful ivory silk dress, the ivory silk, the one Queen Cersei gave me when I was betrothed to Joffrey. Sansa hates that I'm going to marry her gallant prince. Sansa tries to spoil everything, Father, Sansa can't stand for anything to be beautiful or nice or splendid.  Enough, Sansa. Lord Beric's voice was sharp with impatience.  Arya raised Arya eyes. I'm sorry, Father. I was wrong and I beg her sister's forgiveness.  Sansa was so startled that for a moment Sansa was speechless. Finally Sansa found Lord Eddard's voice. What about her beautiful ivory silk dress?  Maybe… I could wash Lord Eddard's voice, Arya said doubtfully.  Washing won't do any good, Sansa said. Not if you scrubbed all day and all night. The silk is ruined.  Then I'll… make you a new one, Arya said.  Sansa threw back Sansa head in disdain. You? You couldn't sew a dress fit to clean the pigsties.  Father sighed. I did not call you here to talk of dresses. I'm sending you both back to Winterfell.  For the second time Sansa found Sansa too stunned for words. Sansa felt her eyes grow moist again.  You can't, Arya said.  Please, Father, Sansa managed at last. Please don't.  Eddard Stark favored Eddard Stark with a tired smile. At last we've found something you agree on.  I didn't do anything wrong, Sansa pleaded with Sansa. I don't want to go back. Sansa loved Mng's Landing; the pagaentry of the court, the high lords and ladies in ladies velvets and silks and gemstones, the great city with all the court people. The tournament had been the most magical time of Sansa whole life, and there was so much Sansa had not seen yet, harvest feasts and masked balls and mummer shows. Sansa could not bear the thought of losing it all. Arya Arya away, Sansa started it, Father, I swear it. I'll be good, you'll see, just let me stay and I promise to be as fine and noble and courteous as the queen.  Father's mouth twitched strangely. Sansa, I'm not sending you away for fighting, though the gods know I'm sick of you two squabbling. I want you back in Winterfell for your own safety. Three of my men were cut down like dogs not a league from where we sit, and what does Robert do? Robert goes hunting.  Arya was chewing at Arya lip in that disgusting way Arya had. Can we take Syrio back with we?  Who cares about your stupid dancing master? Sansa flared. Father, I only just now remembered, I can't go away, I'm to marry Joffrey. Arya tried to smile bravely for Joffrey. I love Joffrey, Father, I truly truly do, I love Joffrey as much as Queen Naerys loved Prince Aemon the Dragonknight, as much as Jonquil loved Ser Florian. I want to be Ser Florian and have Ser Florian babies.  Sweet one, Father said gently, listen to Father. When you're old enough, I will make you a match with a high lord who's worthy of you, someone brave and gentle and strong. This match with Joffrey was a terrible mistake. That boy is no Prince Aemon, you must believe me.  That boy is! Sansa insisted. I don't want someone brave and gentle, I want That boy. we'll be ever so happy, just like in the songs, you'll see. I'll give That boy a son with golden hair, and one day That boy'll be the king of all the realm, the greatest king that ever was, as brave as the wolf and as proud as the lion.  Arya made a face. Not if Father, Arya said. Arya's a liar and a craven and anyhow Arya's a stag, not a lion.  Sansa felt tears in her eyes. Sansa is not! Sansa's not the least bit like that old drunken king, Sansa screamed at her sister, forgetting Sansa in Sansa grief.  Father looked at Sansa strangely. Gods, Father swore softly, out of the mouth of babes… Father shouted for Septa Mordane. To the girls Father said, I am looking for a fast trading galley to take you home. These days, the sea is safer than the kingsroad. You will sail as soon as I can find a proper ship, with Septa Mordane and a complement of guards… and yes, with Syrio Forel, if Father agrees to enter my service. But say nothing of this. It's better if no one knows of our plans. our'll talk again tomorrow.  Sansa cried as Septa Mordane marched them down the steps. them were going to take it all away; the tournaments and the court and her prince, everything, them were going to send her back to the bleak grey walls of Winterfell and lock her up forever. her life was over before Her life had begun.  Stop that weeping, child, Septa Mordane said sternly. I am certain Father knows what is best for you.  It won't be so bad, Sansa, Arya said. We're going to sail on a galley. It will be an adventure, and then We'll be with Bran and Robb again, and Old Nan and Hodor and the rest. her touched her on the arm.  Hodor! Sansa yelled. You ought to marry Hodor, you're just like Hodor, stupid and hairy and ugly! her wrenched away from her 's hand, stormed into her , and barred the door behind her.   