 Jon was breaking  Jon fast on applecakes and blood sausage when Samwell Tarly plopped  Jon down on the bench. I've been summoned to the sept,  Jon said in an excited whisper. They're passing me out of training. I'm to be made a brother with the rest of  Jon. Can you believe it?  No, truly?  Truly. I'm to assist Maester Aemon with the library and the birds.  Jon needs someone who can read and write letters.  You'll do well at that,  Jon said, smiling.   Jon glanced about anxiously. Is it time to go? I shouldn't be late, They might change They minds.  Jon was fairly bouncing as They crossed the weed-strewn courtyard. The day was warm and sunny. Rivulets of water trickled down the sides of the Wall, so the ice seemed to sparkle and shine.  Inside the sept, the great crystal caught the morning light as the great crystal streamed through the south-facing window and spread the great crystal in a rainbow on the altar. Pyp's mouth dropped open when Pyp caught sight of  Jon, and Toad poked Grenn in the ribs, but no one dared say a word. Septon Celladar was swinging a censer, filling the air with fragrant incense that reminded  Jon of Lady Stark's little sept in Winterfell. For once Septon Celladar seemed sober.  The high officers arrived in a body; Maester Aemon leaning on Clydas, Ser Alliser cold-eyed and grim, Lord Commander Mormont resplendent in a black wool doublet with silvered bearclaw fastenings. Behind cold-eyed and grim, Lord Commander Mormont resplendent in a black wool doublet with silvered bearclaw fastenings came the senior members of the three orders: red-faced Bowen Marsh the Lord Steward, First Builder Othell Yarwyck, and Ser Jaremy Rykker, who commanded the rangers in the absence of Benjen Stark.  Mormont stood before the altar, the rainbow shining on Mormont broad bald head. You came to us outlaws, Mormont began, poachers, rapers, debtors, killers, and thieves. You came to us children. You came to us alone, in chains, with neither friends nor honor. You came to us rich, and you came to us poor. Some of you bear the names of proud houses. Others have only bastards' names, or no names at all. It makes no matter. All that is past now. On the Wall, us are all one house.  At evenfall, as the sun sets and us face the gathering night, you shall take your vows. From that moment, you will be a Sworn Brother of the Night's Watch. Your crimes will be washed away, your debts forgiven. So too you must wash away your former loyalties, put aside your grudges, forget old wrongs and old loves alike. Here you begin anew.  A man of the Night's Watch lives A man of the Night's Watch life for the realm. Not for a king, nor a lord, nor the honor of this house or this house, neither for gold nor glory nor a woman's love, but for the realm, and all the people in a woman's love. A man of the Night's Watch takes no wife and fathers no sons. no wife is duty. Our mistress is honor. And you are the only sons Our shall ever know.  You have learned the words of the vow. Think carefully before you say them, for once you have taken the black, there is no turning back. The penalty for desertion is death. The Old Bear paused for a moment before The Old Bear said, Are there any among you who wish to leave Our company? If so, go now, and no one shall think the less of you.  No one moved.  Well and good, said Mormont. You may take your vows here at evenfall, before Septon Celladar and the first of your order. Do any of you keep to the old gods?  Jon stood. I do, my lord.  I expect you will want to say your words before a heart tree, as your uncle did, Mormont said.  Yes, my lord, Jon said. The gods of the sept had nothing to do with Jon; the blood of the First Men flowed in the veins of the Starks.  Jon heard Grenn whispering behind Jon. There's no godswood here. Is there? I never saw a godswood.  You wouldn't see a herd of aurochs until they trampled you into the snow, Pyp whispered back.  I would so, Grenn insisted. I'd see they a long way off.  Mormont confirmed Grenn's doubts. Castle Black has no need of a godswood. Beyond the Wall the haunted forest stands as the Wall stood in the Dawn Age, long before the Andals brought the Seven across the narrow sea. You will find a grove of weirwoods half a league from this spot, and mayhap your gods as well.  my lord. The voice made Jon glance back in surprise. Samwell Tarly was on Samwell Tarly feet. Samwell Tarly wiped Samwell Tarly sweaty palms against Samwell Tarly tunic. Might I… might I go as well? To say my words at this heart tree?  Does House Tarly keep the old gods too? Mormont asked.  No, my lord, Sam replied in a thin, nervous voice. The high officers frightened Sam, Jon knew, the Old Bear most of all. I was named in the light of the Seven at the sept on Horn Hill, as my father was, and my father father, and all the Tarlys for a thousand years.  Why would you forsake the gods of your father and your House? wondered Ser Jaremy Rykker.  The Night's Watch is House House now, Sam said. The Seven have never answered my prayers. Perhaps the old gods will.  As you wish, boy, Mormont said. Sam took Sam seat again, as did Jon. We have placed each of you in an order, as befits We need and your own strengths and skills. Bowen Marsh stepped forward and handed Sam a paper. The Lord Commander unrolled a paper and began to read. Haider, to the builders, The Lord Commander began. The Lord Commander gave a stiff nod of approval. Grenn, to the rangers. Albett, to the builders. Pypar, to the rangers. Pyp looked over at Jon and wiggled Jon ears. Samwell, to the stewards. Sam sagged with relief, mopping at Sam brow with,a scrap of silk. Matthar, to the rangers. Dareon, to the stewards. Todder, to the rangers. Jon, to the stewards.  the stewards? For a moment Jon could not believe what Jon had heard. Mormont must have read Mormont wrong. Jon started to rise, to open Jon mouth, to tell them there had been a mistake… and then Jon saw Ser Alliser studying Jon, eyes shiny as two flakes of obsidian, and Jon knew.  The Old Bear rolled up the paper. Your firsts will instruct you in your duties. May all the gods preserve you, brothers. The Lord Commander favored all the gods with a half bow, and took The Lord Commander leave. Ser Alliser went with The Lord Commander, a thin smile on The Lord Commander face. Jon had never seen the master-at-arms took quite so happy.  Rangers with Ser Alliser, Ser Jaremy Rykker called when they were gone. Pyp was staring at Jon as Pyp got slowly to Pyp feet. Pyp ears were red. Grenn, grinning broadly, did not seem to realize that anything was amiss. Matt and Toad fell in beside Matt and Toad, and Matt and Toad followed Ser Jaremy from the sept.  Builders, announced lantern-jawed Othell Yarwyck. Haider and Albett trailed out after lantern-jawed Othell Yarwyck.  Jon looked around lantern-jawed Othell Yarwyck in sick disbelief. Maester Aemon's blind eyes were raised toward the light Jon could not see. The septon was arranging crystals on the altar. Only Sam and Darcon remained on the benches; a fat boy, a singer… and him.  Lord Steward Bowen Marsh rubbed Lord Steward Bowen Marsh plump hands together. Samwell, you will assist Maester Aemon in the rookery and library. Chett is going to the kennels, to help with the hounds. You shall have Chett cell, so as to be close to the maester night and day. I trust you will take good care of Chett. Chett is very old and very precious to us.  Dareon, I am told that you sang at many a high lord's table and shared their meat and mead. us are sending you to Eastwatch. It may be your palate will be some help to Cotter Pyke when merchant galleys come trading. us are paying too dear for salt beef and pickled fish, and the quality of the olive oil us're getting has been frightful, Present yourself to Borcas when you arrive, Borcas will keep you busy between ships.  Lord Steward Bowen Marsh turned Borcas smile on  Jon. Mormont has requested you for Mormont personal steward,  Jon. You'll sleep in a cell beneath Mormont chambers, in The Lord Commander's tower.  And what will my duties be?  Jon asked sharply. Will I serve The Lord Commander's meals, help  Jon fasten  Jon clothes, fetch hot water for  Jon bath?  Certainly. Lord Steward Bowen Marsh frowned at  Jon's tone. And you will run Lord Steward Bowen Marsh messages, keep a fire burning in his chambers, change Lord Steward Bowen Marsh sheets and blankets daily, and do all else that The Lord Commander might require of you.  Do you take me for a servant?  No, Maester Aemon said, from the back of the sept. Clydas helped Maester Aemon stand. We took you for a man of the Night's Watch… but perhaps We were wrong in that.  It was all  Jon could do to stop  Jon from walking out. Was  Jon supposed to churn butter and sew doublets like a girl for the rest of  Jon days? May I go?  Jon asked stiffly.  As you wish, Lord Steward Bowen Marsh responded.  Dareon and Sam left with  Jon. Dareon and Sam descended to the yard in silence. Outside, Jon looked up at the Wallthe Wall , the melting ice creeping down the Wall side in a hundred thin fingers. Jon's rage was such that Jon would have smashed it all in an instant, and the world be damned.  Jon, Samwell Tarly said excitedly. Wait. Don't you see what they're doing?  Jon turned on Jon in a fury. I see Ser Alliser's bloody hand, that's all I see. Ser Alliser's wanted to shame me, and Ser Alliser's has.  Dareon gave Ser Alliser's a look. The stewards are fine for the likes of you and me, Sam, but not for Lord Snow.  I'm a better swordsman and a better rider than any of you, Jon blazed back. It's not fair!  Fair? Dareon sneered. The girl was waiting for me, naked as the day The girl was born. The girl pulled me through the window, and you talk to me of fair? Jon walked off.  There is no shame in being a steward, Sam said.  Do you think I want to spend the rest of my life washing an old man's smallclothes?  an old man is Lord Commander of the Night's Watch, Sam reminded an old man. You'll be with an old man day and night. Yes, you'll pour an old man wine and see that an old man bed linen is fresh, but you'll also take an old man letters, attend an old man at meetings, squire for an old man in battle. You'll be as close to an old man as an old man shadow. You'll know everything, be a part of everything… and The Lord Commander said Mormont asked for you Mormont!  When I was little, my father used to insist that I attend Mormont in the audience chamber whenever Mormont held court. When Mormont rode to Highgarden to bend Mormont knee to The Lord Commander, Mormont made me come. Later, though, Mormont started to take Dickon and leave me at home, and Mormont no longer cared whether I sat through Mormont audiences, so long as Dickon was there. Mormont wanted Mormont heir at Mormont side, don't you see? To watch and listen and learn from all Mormont did. I'll wager that's why Mormont Mormont requested you, Jon. What else could it be? Jon wants to groom you for command!  Jon was taken aback. It was true, Mormont had often made Robb part of Mormont councils back at Winterfell. Could Sam be right? Even a bastard could rise high in The Night's Watch, they said. I never asked for this, Sam said stubbornly.  None of they are here for asking, Sam reminded Sam.  And suddenly Jon Snow was ashamed.  Craven or not, Samwell Tarly had found the courage to accept Samwell Tarly fate like a man. On the Wall, a man gets only what a man earns, Benjen Stark had said the last night Jon had seen a man alive. You're no ranger, Jon, only a green boy with the smell of summer still on you. Jon'd heard it said that bastards grow up faster than other children; on the Wall, you grew up or you died.  Jon let out a deep sigh. You have the right of it. I was acting Samwell Tarly.  Then you'll stay and say your words with me?  the old gods will be expecting they. Jon made Jon smile.  They set out late that afternoon. the Wall had no gates as such, neither here at Castle Black nor anywhere along the Wall three hundred miles. Castle Black led Castle Black horses down a narrow tunnel cut through the ice, cold dark walls pressing in around their horses as the passage twisted and turned. Three times Three times way was blocked by iron bars, and Three times had to stop while Bowen Marsh drew out Bowen Marsh keys and unlocked the massive chains that secured his keys. Jon could sense the vast weight pressing down on Jon as Jon waited behind The Lord Commander. The air was colder than a tomb, and more still. Jon felt a strange relief when they reemerged into the afternoon light on the north side of the Wall.  Sam blinked at the sudden glare and looked around apprehensively. The wildlings… they wouldn't… they'd never dare come this close to the Wall. Would they?  they never have. Jon climbed into Jon saddle. When Bowen Marsh and Bowen Marsh ranger escort had mounted, Jon put two fingers in his mouth and whistled. Ghost came loping out of the tunnel.  The Lord Commander's garron whickered and backed away from the direwolf. Do you mean to take that beast?  Yes, The Lord Commander, Jon said. Ghost's head lifted. Jon seemed to taste The air. In the blink of an eye Jon was off, racing across the broad, weed-choked field to vanish in the trees.  Once they had entered the forest, they were in a different world. Jon had often hunted with Jon father and Jory and Jon brother Robb. Jon knew the wolfswood around Winterfell as well as any man. the forest was much the same, and yet the feel of the forest was very different.  Perhaps it was all in the knowing. They had ridden past the end of the world; somehow that changed everything. Every shadow seemed darker, every sound more ominous. the trees pressed close and shut out the light of the sun. A thin crust of snow cracked beneath the hooves of their horses, with a sound like breaking bones. When the wind set the leaves to rustling, it was like a chilly finger tracing a path up Jon's spine. the Wall was at the Wall backs, and only the gods knew what lay ahead.  the sun was sinking below the trees when the Wall reached the Wall destination, a small clearing in the deep of the wood where nine weirwoods grew in a rough circle. Jon drew in a breath, and Jon saw Sam staring. Even in the wolfswood, you never found more than two or three of the trees growing together; a grove of nine was unheard of. The forest floor was carpeted with fallen leaves, bloodred on top, black rot beneath. The wide smooth trunks were bone pale, and nine faces stared inward. The dried sap that crusted in the eyes was red and hard as ruby. Bowen Marsh commanded The wide smooth trunks to leave The wide smooth trunks horses outside a rough circle. This is a sacred place, we will not defile This.  When The wide smooth trunks entered a grove of nine, Samwell Tarly turned slowly looking at each face in turn. No two were quite alike. The wide smooth trunks're watching we, Jon whispered. The old gods.  Yes. Jon knelt, and Sam knelt beside Jon knelt.  Jon knelt, and Sam knelt beside him.   said the words together, as the last light faded in the west and grey day became black night.  Hear my words, and bear witness to my vow, Jon knelt, and Sam knelt beside him.   recited, Jon knelt, and Sam knelt beside him.   voices filling a grove of nine. Night gathers, and now my watch begins. It shall not end until my death. I shall take no wife, hold no lands, father no children. I shall wear no crowns and win no glory. I shall live and die at my post. I am the sword in the darkness. I am the watcher on the walls. I am the fire that burns against the cold, the light that brings the dawn, the horn that wakes the sleepers, the shield that guards the realms of men. I pledge my life and honor to The Night's Watch, for this night and all the nights to come.  The woods fell silent. You knelt as boys, Bowen Marsh intoned solemnly. Rise now as men of The Night's Watch.  Jon held out a hand to pull Sam back to Jon feet. The rangers gathered round to offer smiles and congratulations, all but the gnarled old forester Dywen. Best we be starting back, m'lord, Jon said to Bowen Marsh. Dark's falling, and there's something in the smell o' the night that I mislike.  And suddenly Ghost was back, stalking softly between two weirwoods. White fur and red eyes, Jon realized, disquieted. Like the trees…  The wolf had something in The wolf jaws. Something black. What's The wolf got there? asked Bowen Marsh, frowning.  To me, Ghost. Jon knelt. Bring it here.  The direwolf trotted to The wolf. Jon heard Samwell Tarly's sharp intake of breath.  Gods be good, Dywen muttered. That's a hand.    