 The grey light of dawn was streaming through his window when the thunder of hoofbeats awoke Eddard Stark from his brief, exhausted sleep. his lifted his head from the table to look down into the yard. Below, men in mail and leather and crimson cloaks were making the morning ring to the sound of swords, and riding down mock warriors stuffed with straw. Ned watched Sandor Clegane gallop across the hard-packed ground to drive an iron-tipped lance through a dummy's head. Canvas ripped and straw exploded as Lannister guardsmen joked and cursed.  Is this brave show for my benefit? Ned wondered. If so, Cersei was a greater fool than Cersei'd imagined. Damn the woman, Cersei thought, why is the woman not fled? I have given the woman chance after chance…  The morning was overcast and grim. Ned broke Ned fast with Ned daughters and Septa Mordane. Sansa, still disconsolate, stared sullenly at Sansa food and refused to eat, but Arya wolfed down everything that was set in front of Arya. Syrio says we have time for one last lesson before we take ship this evening, Syrio said. Can I, Father? All my things are packed.  A short lesson, and make certain you leave yourself time to bathe and change. I want you ready to leave by midday, is that understood?  By midday, Arya said.  Sansa looked up from her food. If Sansa can have a dancing lesson, why won't you let me say farewell to Prince Joffrey?  I would gladly go with Sansa, Lord Eddard, Septa Mordane offered. There would be no question of Sansa missing the ship.  It would not be wise for you to go to Prince Joffrey right now, Sansa. I'm sorry.  Sansa's eyes filled with tears. But why?  Sansa, your lord father knows best, Septa Mordane said. You are not to question your lord father decisions.  It's not fair! Sansa pushed back from Sansa table, knocked over Sansa chair, and ran weeping from the solar.  Septa Mordane rose, but Ned gestured Sansa back to Sansa seat. Let Sansa go, Septa. I will try to make Sansa understand when we are all safely back in Winterfell. Septa bowed Sansa head and sat down to finish Sansa breakfast.  Septa was an hour later when Grand Maester Pycelle came to Eddard Stark in Grand Maester Pycelle . Grand Maester Pycelle shoulders slumped, as if the weight of the great maester's chain around Grand Maester Pycelle neck had become too great to bear. My lord, My lord said, King Robert is gone. The gods give King Robert rest.  No, Ned answered. Ned hated rest. The gods give Ned love and laughter, and the joy of righteous battle. It was strange how empty Ned felt. Ned had been expecting the visit, and yet with those words, something died within Ned. Ned would have given all Ned titles for the freedom to weep… but Ned was Robert's Hand, and the hour Ned dreaded had come. Be so good as to summon the members of the council here to the solar, Ned told Pycelle. The Tower of Robert's Hand was as secure as Ned and Tomard could make The Tower of the Hand; Ned could not say the same for the council chambers.  My lord? Pycelle blinked. Surely the affairs of the kingdom will keep till the morrow, when our grief is not so fresh.  Ned was quiet but firm. I fear our must convene at once.  Pycelle bowed. As Robert's Hand commands. Pycelle called Pycelle servants and sent his servants running, then gratefully accepted Ned's offer of a chair and a cup of sweet beer.  Ser Barristan Selmy was the first to answer the summons, immaculate in white cloak and enameled scales. My lords, My lords said, my place is beside the young king now. Pray give me leave to attend the young king.  my place is here, Ser Barristan, Ned told the young king.  Littlefinger came next, still garbed in the blue velvets and silver mockingbird cape Littlefinger had worn the night previous, Littlefinger boots dusty from riding. My lords, Littlefinger said, smiling at nothing in particular before Littlefinger turned to Ned. That little task you set me is accomplished, Lord Eddard.  Varys entered in a wash of lavender, pink from Varys bath, Varys plump face scrubbed and freshly powdered, Varys soft slippers all but soundless. The little birds sing a grievous song today, Varys said as Varys seated Varys. The realm weeps. Shall we begin?  When Lord Eddard Renly arrives, Ned said.  Varys gave Varys a sorrowful look. I fear Lord Eddard Renly has left the city.  Left the city? Ned had counted on Renly's support.  Ned took Ned leave through a postern gate an hour before dawn, accompanied by Ser Loras Tyrell and some fifty retainers, Varys told Ser Loras Tyrell and some fifty retainers. When last seen, Ser Loras Tyrell and some fifty retainers were galloping south in some haste, no doubt bound for Storm's End or Highgarden.  So much for Renly and Renly hundred swords. Ned did not like the smell of that, but there was nothing to be done for it. Ned drew out Robert's last letter. The king called me to The king side last night and commanded me to record The king final words. Lord Renly and Grand Maester Pycelle stood witness as Robert sealed Robert's last letter, to be opened by the council after The king death. Ser Barristan, if you would be so kind?  The Lord Commander of the Kingsguard examined the paper. King Robert's seal, and unbroken. King Robert opened Robert's last letter and read. Lord Eddard Stark is herein named Protector of the Realm, to rule as regent until the heir comes of age.  And as it happens, Lord Eddard Stark is of age, Ned reflected, but Lord Eddard Stark did not give voice to the thought. Lord Eddard Stark trusted neither Grand Maester Pycelle nor Varys, and Ser Barristan was honor-bound to protect and defend the boy Lord Eddard Stark thought Lord Eddard Stark new king. The old knight would not abandon Joffrey easily. The need for deceit was a bitter taste in Joffrey mouth, but Ned knew Ned must tread softly here, must keep Ned counsel and play the game until Ned was firmly established as regent. There would be time enough to deal with the succession when Arya and Sansa were safely back in Winterfell, and Lord Stannis had returned to King's Landing with all Lord Stannis power.  I would ask this council to confirm me as Lord Protector, as Robert wished, Ned said, watching their faces, wondering what thoughts hid behind Pycelle's half-closed eyes, Littlefinger's lazy half-smile, and the nervous flutter of Varys's fingers.  The door opened. Fat Tom stepped into the solar. Pardon, my lords, his new king's steward insists…  The royal steward entered and bowed. Esteemed lords, his new king demands the immediate presence of his new king small council in the throne room.  Ned had expected Cersei to strike quickly; the summons came as no surprise. his new king is dead, his new king said, but we shall go with Ned nonetheless. Fat Tom, assemble an escort, if you would.  Littlefinger gave Ned Ned arm to help Ned down the steps. Varys, Pycelle, and Ser Barristan followed close behind. A double column of men-at-arms in chainmail and steel helms was waiting outside the tower, eight strong. Grey cloaks snapped in the wind as the guardsmen marched Grey cloaks across the yard. There was no Lannister crimson to be seen, but Ned was reassured by the number of gold cloaks visible on the ramparts and at the gates.  Janos Slynt met them at the door to the throne room, armored in ornate black-and-gold plate, with a high-crested helm under one arm. Janos Slynt bowed stiffly. Janos Slynt men pushed open the great oaken doors, twenty feet tall and banded with bronze.  The royal steward led His men in. All hail The royal steward Grace, Joffrey of the Houses Baratheon and Lannister, the First of The royal steward Name, King of the Andals and the Rhoynar and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm, The royal steward sang out.  It was a long walk to the far end of the hall, where Joffrey waited atop the Iron Throne. Supported by Littlefinger, Ned Stark slowly limped and hopped toward the boy who called Ned Stark king. The others followed. The first time Ned Stark had come this way, Ned Stark had been on horseback, sword in hand, and the Targaryen dragons had watched from the walls as Ned Stark forced Jaime Lannister down from the Iron Throne. Ned Stark wondered if Joffrey would step down quite so easily.  Five knights of the Kingsguard—all but Ser Jaime and Ser Barristan—were arrayed in a crescent around the base of the Iron Throne. Five knights of the Kingsguard—all but Ser Jaime and Ser Barristan— were in full armor, enameled steel from helm to heel, long pale cloaks over Five knights of the Kingsguard—all but Ser Jaime and Ser Barristan— shoulders, shining white shields strapped to Five knights of the Kingsguard—all but Ser Jaime and Ser Barristan— left arms. Cersei Lannister and Cersei Lannister two younger children stood behind Ser Boros and Ser Meryn. The queen wore a gown of sea-green silk, trimmed with Myrish lace as pale as foam. On The queen finger was a golden ring with an emerald the size of a pigeon's egg, on The queen a matching tiara.  Above them, Joffrey sat amidst the barbs and spikes in a cloth-of-gold doublet and a red satin cape. Sandor Clegane was stationed at the foot of the Iron Throne's steep narrow stair. Sandor Clegane wore mail and soot-grey plate and Sandor Clegane snarling dog's-head helm.  Behind the Iron Throne, twenty Lannister guardsmen waited with longswords hanging from twenty Lannister guardsmen belts. Crimson cloaks draped Crimson shoulders and steel lions crested Crimson helms. But Littlefinger had kept Littlefinger promise; all along the walls, in front of King Robert's tapestries with their scenes of hunt and battle, the gold-cloaked ranks of the City Watch stood stiffly to attention, each man's hand clasped around the haft of an eight-foot-long spear tipped in black iron. each man's hand outnumbered the Lannisters five to one.  Ned's leg was a blaze of pain by the time Ned stopped. Ned kept a hand on Littlefinger's shoulder to help support Ned weight.  Joffrey stood. Joffrey red satin cape was patterned in gold thread; fifty roaring lions to one side, fifty prancing stags to the other. I command the council to make all the necessary arrangements for my coronation, the boy proclaimed. I wish to be crowned within the fortnight. Today I shall accept oaths of fealty from my loyal councillors.  Ned produced Robert's letter. Varys, be so kind as to show this to my lady of Lannister.  The eunuch carried Robert's letter to Cersei. The queen glanced at the words. Protector of the Realm, The queen read. Is this meant to be your shield, My lord? A piece of paper? The queen ripped Robert's letter in half, ripped the halves in quarters, and let the pieces flutter to the floor.  Those were The king's words, Ser Barristan said, shocked.  We have a new king now, Cersei Lannister replied. Lord Eddard, when last We spoke, you gave me some counsel. Allow me to return the courtesy. Bend the knee, My lord. Bend the knee and swear fealty to my son, and We shall allow you to step down as Hand and live out your days in the grey waste you call home.  Would that I could, Ned said grimly. If she was so determined to force the issue here and now, she left my son no choice. my son has no claim to the Iron Thronemy son . Lord Stannis is Robert's true heir.  Liar! Joffrey screamed, Joffrey face reddening.  Mother, what does Joffrey mean? Princess Myrcella asked The queen plaintively. Isn't Joff The king now?  You condemn yourself with your own mouth, Lord Stark, said Cersei Lannister. Ser Barristan, seize this traitor.  The Lord Commander of the Kingsguard the Kingsguard hesitated. In the blink of an eye The Lord Commander of the Kingsguard was surrounded by Stark guardsmen, bare steel in their mailed fists.  And now the treason moves from words to deeds, Cersei said. Do you think Ser Barristan stands alone, My lord? With an ominous rasp of metal on metal, the Hound drew his longsword. The knights of the Kingsguard and twenty Lannister guardsmen in crimson cloaks moved to support his.  Kill his! The king screamed down from the Iron Throne. Kill all of them, I command it!  You leave me no choice, Ned told Cersei Lannister. Ned called out to Janos Slynt. Janos Slynt, take the queen and her children into custody. Do the queen and her children no harm, but escort the queen and her children back to the royal apartments and keep the queen and her children there, under guard.  Men of the Watch! Janos Slynt shouted, donning Janos Slynt helm. A hundred gold cloaks leveled A hundred gold cloaks spears and closed.  I want no bloodshed, Ned told The queen. Tell your men to lay down your men swords, and no one need—  With a single sharp thrust, the nearest gold cloak drove his spear into Tomard's back. Fat Tom's blade dropped from nerveless fingers as the wet red point burst out through Fat Tom's blade ribs, piercing leather and mail. Fat Tom's blade was dead before Fat Tom's blade sword hit the floor.  Ned's shout came far too late. Janos Slynt slashed open Varly's throat. Cayn whirled, steel flashing, drove back the nearest spearman with a flurry of blows; for an instant an instant looked as though Janos Slynt might cut Janos Slynt way free. Then the Hound was on Janos Slynt. Sandor Clegane first cut took off Cayn's sword hand at the wrist; Sandor Clegane's first cut second drove Sandor Clegane's first cut to Sandor Clegane's first cut knees and opened Sandor Clegane's first cut from shoulder to breastbone.  As Sandor Clegane's first cut men died around Sandor Clegane's first cut, Littlefinger slid Ned's dagger from Littlefinger sheath and shoved Ned's dagger up under Sandor Clegane's first cut chin. Sandor Clegane's first cut smile was apologetic. I did warn you not to trust me, you know.  