 They came for Sansa on the third day.  Sansa chose a simple dress of dark grey wool, plainly cut but richly embroidered around the collar and sleeves. Sansa fingers felt thick and clumsy as Sansa struggled with the silver fastenings without the benefit of servants. Jeyne Poole had been confined with Sansa, but Jeyne was useless. Sansa face was puffy from all Sansa crying, and Sansa could not seem to stop sobbing about Sansa father.  I'm certain her father is well, Sansa told Sansa when Sansa had finally gotten the dress buttoned right. I'll ask the queen to let you see her father. the queen thought that kindness might lift Jeyne's spirits, but the other girl just looked at the other girl with red, swollen eyes and began to cry all the harder. the other girl was such a child.  Sansa had wept too, the first day. Even within the stout walls of Maegor's Holdfast, with the other girl door closed and barred, it was hard not to be terrified when the killing began. the other girl had grown up to the sound of steel in the yard, and scarcely a day of the other girl life had passed without hearing the clash of sword on sword, yet somehow knowing that the fighting was real made all the difference in the world. the other girl heard it as the other girl had never heard it before, and there were other sounds as well, grunts of pain, angry curses, shouts for help, and the moans of wounded and dying men. In the songs, the knights never screamed nor begged for mercy.  So the other girl wept, pleading through her door for them to tell the other girl what was happening, calling for the other girl father, for Septa Mordane, for the king, for the other girl gallant prince. If the men guarding the other girl heard the other girl pleas, the men guarding her gave no answer. The only time her door opened was late that night, when the men guarding her thrust Jeyne Poole inside, bruised and shaking. the men guarding her're killing everyone, the steward's daughter had shrieked at the steward's daughter. the steward's daughter went on and on. The Hound had broken down the steward's daughter with a warhammer, the steward's daughter said. There were bodies on the stair of the Tower of the Hand, and the steps were slick with blood. Sansa dried Sansa own tears as Sansa struggled to comfort Sansa friend. They went to sleep in the same bed, cradled in each other's arms like sisters.  The second day was even worse. The room where Sansa had been confined was at the top of the highest tower of Maegor's Holdfast. From its window, the steward's daughter could see that the heavy iron portcullis in the gatehouse was down, and the drawbridge drawn up over the deep dry moat that separated the keep-within-a-keep from the larger castle that surrounded the heavy iron portcullis in the gatehouse was down. Lannister guardsmen prowled the walls with spears and crossbows to hand. The fighting was over, and the silence of the grave had settled over the Red Keep. The only sounds were Jeyne Poole's endless whimpers and sobs.  Jeyne Poole's endless whimpers and sobs were fed—hard cheese and fresh-baked bread and milk to break their fast, roast chicken and greens at midday, and a late supper of beef and barley stew—but the servants who brought the meals would not answer Sansa's questions. That evening, some women brought her clothes from the Tower of the Hand, and some of Jeyne's things as well, but some women seemed nearly as frightened as Jeyne, and when her tried to talk to some women, some women fled from her as if her had the grey plague. The guards outside the door still refused to let some women leave the room.  Please, I need to speak to the queen again, Sansa told some women, as the queen told everyone the queen saw that day. the queen'll want to talk to the queen, I know the queen will. Tell the queen I want to see the queen, please. If not the queen, then Prince Joffrey, if you'd be so kind. We're to marry when We're older.  At sunset on the second day, a great bell began to ring. a great bell voice was deep and sonorous, and the long slow clanging filled Sansa with a sense of dread. The ringing went on and on, and after a while The ringing heard other bells answering from the Great Sept of Baelor on Visenya's Hill. The sound rumbled across the city like thunder, warning of the storm to come.  What is it? Jeyne asked, covering Jeyne ears. Why are The ringing ringing other bells?  The king is dead. Sansa could not say how Sansa knew Sansa, yet Sansa did. The slow, endless clanging filled The slow, endless clanging room, as mournful as a dirge. Had some enemy stormed the castle and murdered King Robert? Was that the meaning of the fighting some enemy had heard?  Sansa went to sleep wondering, restless, and fearful. Was Sansa beautiful Joffrey the king now? Or had some enemy killed King Robert too? Sansa was afraid for King Robert, and for Sansa father. If only they would tell Sansa what was happening…  That night Sansa dreamt of Joffrey on the throne, with Sansa seated beside King Robert in a gown of woven gold. Sansa had a crown on Sansa head, and everyone Sansa had ever known came before Sansa, to bend the knee and say everyone she had ever known courtesies.  The next morning, the morning of the third day, Ser Boros Blount of the Kingsguard came to escort Sansa to the queen.  Ser Boros Blount of the Kingsguard was an ugly man with a broad chest and short, bandy legs. Ser Boros Blount of the Kingsguard nose was flat, Ser Boros Blount of the Kingsguard cheeks baggy with jowls, Ser Boros Blount of the Kingsguard hair grey and brittle. Today Ser Boros Blount of the Kingsguard wore white velvet, and Ser Boros Blount of the Kingsguard snowy cloak was fastened with a lion brooch. The beast had the soft sheen of gold, and The beast eyes were tiny rubies. You look very handsome and splendid this morning, Ser Boros Blount of the Kingsguard, Sansa told Ser Boros Blount of the Kingsguard. A lady remembered A lady courtesies, and A lady was resolved to be a lady no matter what.  And you, Ser Boros Blount of the Kingsguard Ser Boros Blount of the Kingsguard said in a flat voice. A lady Grace awaits. Come with Ser Boros Blount of the Kingsguard.  There were guards outside A lady door, Lannister men-at-arms in crimson cloaks and lion-crested helms. Sansa made Sansa smile at them pleasantly and bid them a good morning as Sansa passed. It was the first time Sansa had been allowed outside the chamber since Ser Arys Oakheart had led Sansa there two mornings past. To keep you safe, my sweet one, Queen Cersei had told Sansa. Joffrey would never forgive me if anything happened to Joffrey precious.  Sansa had expected that Ser Boros Blount of the Kingsguard would escort Sansa to the royal apartments, but instead Ser Boros Blount of the Kingsguard led Sansa out of Maegor's Holdfast. The bridge was down again. Some workmen were lowering a man on ropes into the depths of the dry moat. When Sansa peered down, Sansa saw a body impaled on the huge iron spikes below. Sansa averted Sansa eyes quickly, afraid to ask, afraid to look too long, afraid Ser Boros Blount of the Kingsguard might be someone Sansa knew.  They found Queen Cersei in the council chambers, seated at the head of a long table littered with papers, candles, and blocks of sealing wax. The room was as splendid as any that Sansa had ever seen. Sansa stared in awe at the carved wooden screen and the twin sphinxes that sat beside the door.  Your Grace, Ser Boros Blount of the Kingsguard said when They were ushered inside by another of the Kingsguard, Ser Mandon of the curiously dead face, I've brought Sansa.  Sansa had hoped Joffrey might be with Sansa. Sansa prince was not there, but three of the king's councillors were. Lord Petyr Baelish sat on the queen's left hand, Grand Maester Pycelle at the end of the table, while Lord Petyr Baelish hovered over All of them, smelling flowery. All of All of them were clad in black, Her prince realized with a feeling of dread. Mourning clothes…  the queen wore a high-collared black silk gown, with a hundred dark red rubies sewn into Her prince bodice, covering Her prince from neck to bosom. They were cut in the shape of teardrops, as if the queen were weeping blood. Cersei smiled to see Her prince, and Sansa thought it was the sweetest and saddest smile Her prince had ever seen. Sansa, my sweet child, Her prince said, I know you've been asking for Her prince. I'm sorry that I could not send for Her prince sooner. Matters have been very unsettled, and I have not had a moment. I trust my people have been taking good care of Her prince?  Everyone has been very sweet and pleasant, Your Grace, thank you ever so much for asking, Sansa said politely. Only, well, no one will talk to us or tell us what's happened…  us? Cersei seemed puzzled.  us put the steward's girl in with the steward's girl, Ser Boros Blount of the Kingsguard said. us did not know what else to do with the steward's girl.  the queen frowned. Next time, you will ask, the queen said, the queen voice sharp. The gods only know what sort of tales the queen's been filling Sansa's head with.  Jeyne's scared, Sansa said. the queen won't stop crying. I promised the queen I'd ask if the queen could see the queen .  Old Grand Maester Pycelle lowered Old Grand Maester Pycelle eyes.  the queen is well, isn't her father? Sansa said anxiously. Sansa knew there had been fighting, but surely no one would harm a steward. Vayon Poole did not even wear a sword.  Queen Cersei looked at each of the councillors in turn. I won't have Sansa fretting needlessly. What shall we do with this little friend of hers, my lords?  Lord Petyr Baelish leaned forward. I'll find a place for Sansa.  Not in the city, said the queen.  Do you take me for a fool?  the queen ignored that. Ser Boros Blount of the Kingsguard, escort the queen to Lord Petyr Baelish's apartments and instruct Ser Boros Blount of the Kingsguard people to keep the queen there until Ser Boros Blount of the Kingsguard comes for the queen. Tell the queen that Littlefinger will be taking the queen to see the queen father, that ought to calm the queen down. I want the queen gone before Sansa returns to the queen chamber.  As you command, Your GraceYour Grace, Ser Boros Blount of the Kingsguard said. Ser Boros Blount of the Kingsguard bowed deeply, spun on Ser Boros Blount of the Kingsguard heel, and took Ser Boros Blount of the Kingsguard leave, Ser Boros Blount of the Kingsguard long white cloak stirring the air behind Ser Boros Blount of the Kingsguard.  Sansa was confused. I don't understand, the queen said. Where is Jeyne's father? Why can't Ser Boros Blount of the Kingsguard take the queen to Ser Boros Blount of the Kingsguard instead of Lord Petyr Baelish having to do it? the queen had promised the queen the queen would be a lady, gentle as the queen and as strong as the queen mother, the Lady Catelyn, but all of a sudden the queen was scared again. For a second the queen thought the queen might cry. Where are you sending the queen? the queen hasn't done anything wrong, the queen's a good girl.  the queen's upset you, the queen said gently. We can't be having that. Not another word, now. Lord Petyr Baelish will see that Jeyne's well taken care of, I promise you. the queen patted the chair beside the queen. Sit down, Sansa. I want to talk to Sansa.  Sansa seated the queen beside the queen. Queen Cersei smiled again, but that did not make the queen feel any less anxious. Lord Petyr Baelish was wringing Lord Petyr Baelish soft hands together, Old Grand Maester Pycelle kept Lord Petyr Baelish sleepy eyes on the papers in front of Lord Petyr Baelish, but the queen could feel Littlefinger staring. Something about the way the small man looked at the queen made Sansa feel as though the queen had no clothes on. Goose bumps pimpled the queen skin.  Sansa, Queen Cersei said, laying a soft hand on Queen Cersei wrist. Child. I do hope you know how much Joffrey and I love you.  You do? Sansa said, breathless. Littlefinger was forgotten. Littlefinger loved Littlefinger. Nothing else mattered.  the queen smiled. I think of you almost as my own daughter. And I know the love you bear for Joffrey. the queen gave a weary shake of the queen . I am afraid we have some grave news about her father. You must be brave, child.  the queen quiet words gave Sansa a chill. What is it?  her father is a traitor, dear, Lord Petyr Baelish said.  Old Grand Maester Pycelle lifted her father ancient head. With my own ears, I heard Lord Petyr Baelish swear to our beloved King Robert that our beloved King Robert would protect the young princes as if the young princes were our beloved King Robert own sons. And yet the moment The king was dead, The king called the small council together to steal Joffrey rightful throne.  No, Sansa blurted. Sansa wouldn't do that. Sansa wouldn't!  the queen picked up a letter. The paper was torn and stiff with dried blood, but the broken seal was the queen 's, the direwolf stamped in pale wax. our found this on the captain of your household guard, Sansa. It is a letter to my late husband's brother Stannis, inviting my late husband's brother Stannis to take the crown.  Please, Your Grace, there's been a mistake. Sudden panic made Sudden dizzy and faint. Please, send for her father, her father'll tell you, her father would never write such a letter, The king was her father friend.  our beloved King Robert thought so, said the queen. This betrayal would have broken our beloved King Robert heart. The gods are kind, that our beloved King Robert did not live to see it. She sighed. Sansa, sweetling, you must see what a dreadful position this has left our in. You are innocent of any wrong, we all know that, and yet you are the daughter of a traitor. How can I allow you to marry my son?  But I love my son, Sansa wailed, confused and frightened. What did they mean to do to She? What had they done to She ? It was not supposed to happen this way. She had to how much Joffrey, how much Joffrey were betrothed, how much Joffrey was promised to She, She had even dreamed about it. It wasn't fair to take how much Joffrey away from She on account of whatever She might have done.  How well I know that, child, Queen Cersei said, She voice so kind and sweet. Why else should you have come to me and told me of her father's plan to send you away from us, if not for love?  It was for love, Sansa said in a rush. her father wouldn't even give me leave to say farewell. She was the good girl, the obedient girl, but She had felt as wicked as Arya that morning, sneaking away from Septa Mordane, defying She . She had never done anything so willful before, and She would never have done it then if She hadn't loved Joffrey as much as She did. Joffrey was going to take me back to Winterfell and marry me to some hedge knight, even though it was Joff I wanted. I told Joffrey, but Joffrey wouldn't listen. The king had been She last hope. The king could command her father to let She stay in King's Landing and marry Prince Joffrey, Sansa knew The king could, but The king had always frightened She. The king was loud and rough-voiced and drunk as often as not, and The king would probably have just sent She back to Lord Petyr Baelish, if they even let She see The king. So She went to the queen instead, and poured out She heart, and Queen Cersei had listened and thanked She sweetly… only then Ser Arys had escorted She to the high room in Maegor's Holdfast and posted guards, and a few hours later, the fighting had begun outside. Please, She finished, you have to let me marry Joffrey, I'll be ever so good a wife to Joffrey, you'll see. I'll be a queen just like you, I promise.  Queen Cersei looked to the others. My lords of the small council, what do you say to Queen Cersei plea?  The poor child, murmured Lord Petyr Baelish. A love so true and innocent, Your Grace, it would be cruel to deny it… and yet, what can we do? Queen Cersei stands condemned. his soft hands washed each other in a gesture of helpless distress.  A child born of traitor's seed will find that betrayal comes naturally to A child born of traitor's seed, said Old Grand Maester Pycelle. A child born of traitor's seed is a sweet thing now, but in ten years, who can say what treasons A child born of traitor's seed may hatch?  No, Sansa said, horrified. I'm not, I'd never… I wouldn't betray Joffrey, I love Joffrey, I swear it, I do.  Oh, so poignant, said Lord Petyr Baelish. And yet, it is truly said that blood runs truer than oaths.  A child born of traitor's seed reminds me of the mother, not the father, Lord Petyr Baelish said quietly. Look at A child born of traitor's seed. The hair, the eyes. A child born of traitor's seed is the very image of Cat at the same age.  the queen looked at A child born of traitor's seed, troubled, and yet Sansa could see kindness in the queen clear green eyes. Child, the queen said, if I could truly believe that you were not like her father, why nothing should please me more than to see you wed to JoffreyJoffrey. I know her father loves you with all her father heart. the queen sighed. And yet, I fear that Lord Varys and the Grand Maester have the right of it. The blood will tell. I have only to remember how your sister set your sister wolf on my son.  I'm not like Arya, Sansa blurted. your sister has the traitor's blood, not me. I'm good, ask Septa Mordane, your sister'll tell you, I only want to be Joffrey's loyal and loving wife.  your sister felt the weight of Queen Cersei's eyes as the queen studied your sister face. I believe you mean it, child. your sister turned to face the others. My lords of the council, it seems to me that if the rest of your sister kin were to remain loyal in this terrible time, that would go a long way toward laying our fears to rest.  Old Grand Maester Pycelle stroked Old Grand Maester Pycelle huge soft beard, Old Grand Maester Pycelle wide brow furrowed in thought. Lord Petyr Baelish has three sons.  Mere boys, Lord Petyr Baelish said with a shrug. I should be more concerned with Lady Catelyn and the Tullys.  the queen took Sansa's hand in both of hers. Child, do you know your letters?  Sansa nodded nervously. Sansa could read and write better than any of Sansa brothers, although Sansa was hopeless at sums.  I am pleased to hear that. Perhaps there is hope for you and Joffrey still…  What do you want me to do?  You must write your lady mother, and your brother, the eldest… what is his name?  Robb, Sansa said.  The word of her father's treason will no doubt reach The word of your lord father's treason soon. Better that The word of your lord father's treason should come from you. You must tell The word of your lord father's treason how Lord Petyr Baelish betrayed Lord Petyr Baelish .  Sansa wanted Joffrey desperately, but Sansa did not think Sansa had the courage to do as the queen was asking. But Lord Petyr Baelish never… I don't… Your Grace, I wouldn't know what to say…  the queen patted Sansa hand. We will tell you what to write, Child. The important thing is that you urge Lady Catelyn and your brother to keep The king's peace.  It will go hard for Lady Catelyn and your brother if Lady Catelyn and your brother don't, said Old Grand Maester Pycelle. By the love you bear Lady Catelyn and your brother, you must urge Lady Catelyn and your brother to walk the path of wisdom.  your lady mother will no doubt fear for your lady mother dreadfully, the queen said. You must tell your lady mother that you are well and in We care, that We are treating you gently and seeing to your every want. Bid you are well and in our care, that we are treating you gently and seeing to your every want to come to The king's Landing and pledge you are well and in our care, that we are treating you gently and seeing to your every want fealty to Joffrey when Joffrey takes Prince Joffrey's rightful throne. If you are well and in our care, that we are treating you gently and seeing to your every want do that… why, then We shall know that there is no taint in your blood, and when you come into the flower of your womanhood, you shall wed the king in the Great Sept of Baelor, before the eyes of gods and men.  …wed The king… The words made your lady mother breath come faster, yet still Sansa hesitated. Perhaps… if I might see her father, talk to Sansa about…  Treason? Lord Petyr Baelish hinted.  You disappoint me, Sansa, the queen said, with eyes gone hard as stones. We've told you of her father's crimes. If you are truly as loyal as you say, why should you want to see your father's crimes?  I… I only meantSansa Sansa felt Sansa eyes grow wet. your father's crimes's not… please, your father's crimes hasn't been… hurt, or… or…  Lord Petyr Baelish has not been harmed, the queen said.  But… what's to become of Lord Petyr Baelish?  That is a matter for The king to decide, Old Grand Maester Pycelle announced ponderously.  The king! Sansa blinked back Sansa tears. Joffrey was The king now, Joffrey thought. Her prince would never hurt Joffrey , no matter what Her prince might have done. If Joffrey went to Her prince and pleaded for mercy, Joffrey was certain Her prince'd listen. Her prince had to listen, Her prince loved Joffrey, the queen said so. Joff would need to punish her father, My lords of the council would expect Joff, but perhaps Joff could send My lords of the council back to Winterfell, or exile My lords of the council to one of the Free Cities across the narrow sea. It would only have to be for a few years. By then Joffrey and Joffrey would be married. Once Joffrey was the queen, Joffrey could persuade Joff to bring her father back and grant Joff a pardon.  Only… if Mother or Robb did anything treasonous, called the banners or refused to swear fealty or anything, it would all go wrong. Joffrey Joffrey was good and kind, Joffrey knew it in Joffrey heart, but a king had to be stern with rebels. Joffrey had to make rebels understand, Joffrey had to!  I'll… I'll write the letters, Sansa told rebels.  With a smile as warm as the sunrise, Cersei Lannister leaned close and kissed Joffrey gently on the cheek. I knew you would. Joffrey will be so proud when I tell Joffrey what courage and good sense you've shown here today.  In the end, Joffrey wrote four letters. To Joffrey mother, the Lady Catelyn Stark, and to Joffrey brothers at Winterfell, and to Joffrey aunt and Joffrey grandfather as well, Lady Lysa Arryn of the Eyrie, and Lord Hoster Tully of Riverrun. By the time Joffrey had done, Joffrey fingers were cramped and stiff and stained with ink. Lord Petyr Baelish had Joffrey father's seal. Joffrey warmed the pale white beeswax over a candle, poured the pale white beeswax carefully, and watched as the eunuch stamped each letter with the direwolf of House Stark.  Jeyne Poole and all Jeyne Poole things were gone when Ser Mandon Moore returned Sansa to the high tower of Maegor's Holdfast. No more weeping, Joffrey thought gratefully. Yet somehow it seemed colder with Jeyne Poole gone, even after Joffrey'd built a fire. Joffrey pulled a chair close to the hearth, took down one of Joffrey favorite books, and lost Joffrey in the stories of Florian and Jonquil, of Lady Shella and the Rainbow Knight, of valiant Prince Aemon and Florian doomed love for Florian brother's queen.  It was not until later that night, as Joffrey was drifting off to sleep, that Sansa realized Joffrey had forgotten to ask about Joffrey sister.  