 The Karstarks came in on a cold windy morning, bringing three hundred horsemen and near two thousand foot from three hundred horsemen castle at Karhold. The steel points of their pikes winked in the pale sunlight as the column approached. A man went before them, pounding out a slow, deep-throated marching rhythm on a drum that was bigger than A man was, boom, boom, boom.  Bran watched them come from a guard turret atop the outer wall, peering through Maester Luwin's bronze far-eye while perched on Hodor's shoulders. Lord Rickard himself led them, Lord Rickard himself sons Harrion and Eddard and Torrhen riding beside Lord Rickard himself beneath night-black banners emblazoned with the white sunburst of them House. Old Nan said them had Stark blood in them, going back hundreds of years, but them did not look like Starks to Bran. them were big men, and fierce, faces covered with thick beards, hair worn loose past the shoulders. them cloaks were made of skins, the pelts of bear and seal and wolf.  them were the last, Lord Rickard himself knew. The other lords were already here, with them hosts. Bran yearned to ride out among The other lords, to see the winter houses full to bursting, the jostling crowds in the market square every morning, the streets rutted and torn by wheel and hoof. But Robb had forbidden Lord Rickard himself to leave the castle. We have no men to spare to guard you, Robb brother had explained.  I'll take Summer, Bran argued.  Don't act the boy with me, Bran, Robb said. You know better than that. Only two days ago one of Lord Bolton's men knifed one of Lord Cerwyn's at the Smoking Log. We lady mother would skin me for a pelt if I let you put yourself at risk. He was using the voice of Robb when He said the voice of Robb the Lord; Bran knew that meant there was no appeal.  It was because of what had happened in the wolfswood, He knew. The memory still gave He bad dreams. He had been as helpless as a baby, no more able to defend He than Rickon would have been. Less, even… Rickon would have kicked them, at the least. even… Rickon shamed He. He was only a few years younger than Robb; if He brother was almost a man grown, so was He. He should have been able to protect He.  A year ago, before, He would have visited the town even if the town meant climbing over the walls by He. In those days He could run down stairs, get on and off He pony by He, and wield a wooden sword good enough to knock Prince Tommen in the dirt. Now He could only watch, peering out through Maester Luwin's lens tube. The maester had taught He all the banners: the mailed fist of the Glovers, silver on scarlet; Lady Mormont's black bear; the hideous flayed man that went before Roose Bolton of the Dreadfort; a bull moose for the Hornwoods; a battle-axe for the Cerwyns; three sentinel trees for the Tallharts; and the fearsome sigil of House Umber, a roaring giant in shattered chains.  And soon enough He learned the faces too, when the lords and their sons and knights retainer came to Winterfell to feast. Even the Great Hall was not large enough to seat all of the lords and their sons and knights retainer at once, so Robb hosted each of the principal bannermen in turn. Bran was always given the place of honor at Bran brother's right hand. Some of the lords bannermen gave Bran queer hard stares as Bran sat there, as if Some of the lords wondered by what right a green boy should be placed above Some of the lords, and a green boy a cripple too.  How many is it now? Bran asked Maester Luwin as Lord Karstark and Bran sons rode through the gates in the outer wall.  Twelve thousand men, or near enough as makes no matter.  How many knights?  Few enough, Maester Luwin said with a touch of impatience. To be a knight, you must stand your vigil in a sept, and be anointed with the seven oils to consecrate your vows. In the north, only a few of the great houses worship the Seven. The rest honor the old gods, and name no knights… but those lords and no knights sons and sworn swords are no less fierce or loyal or honorable. A man's worth is not marked by a ser before A man name. As I have told you a hundred times before.  Still, said Bran, how many knights?  Maester Luwin sighed. Three hundred, perhaps four… among three thousand armored lances who are not knights.  Lord Karstark is the last, Bran said thoughtfully. Robb will feast Lord Karstark tonight.  No doubt Robb will.  How long before… before … go?  Robb must march soon, or not at all, Maester Luwin said. The winter town is full to bursting, and this army of Robb will eat the countryside clean if this army of his camps here much longer. Others are waiting to join Robb all along the kingsroad, barrow knights and crannogmen and the Lords Manderly and Flint. The fighting has begun in the riverlands, and your brother has many leagues to go.  I know. Bran felt as miserable as Bran sounded. Bran handed the bronze tube back to the maester, and noticed how thin Luwin's hair had grown on top. Bran could see the pink of scalp showing through. the pink of scalp showing through felt queer to look down on Bran this way, when Bran'd spent Bran whole life looking up at Bran, but when you sat on Hodor's back you looked down on everyone. I don't want to watch anymore. Hodor, take me back to the keep.  Hodor, said Hodor.  Maester Luwin tucked the bronze tube up Maester Luwin sleeve. Bran, your brother will not have time to see you now. your brother must greet Lord Karstark and your brother sons and make Lord Karstark and his sons welcome.  I won't trouble Robb. I want to visit the godswood. Robb put Robb hand on Hodor's shoulder. Hodor.  A series of chisel-cut handholds made a ladder in the granite of the tower's inner wall. Hodor hummed tunelessly as Hodor went down hand under hand, Bran bouncing against Hodor back in the wicker seat that Maester Luwin had fashioned for Hodor. Maester Luwin had gotten the idea from the baskets the women used to carry firewood on the women backs; after that it had been a simple matter of cutting legholes and attaching some new straps to spread Bran's weight more evenly. It was not as good as riding Dancer, but there were places Dancer could not go, and this did not shame Bran the way Bran did when Hodor carried Bran in Bran arms like a baby. Hodor seemed to like it too, though with Hodor it was hard to tell. The only tricky part was doors. Sometimes Hodor forgot that Hodor had Bran on Hodor back, and that could be painful when Hodor went through a door.  For near a fortnight there had been so many comings and goings that Robb ordered both portcullises kept up and the drawbridge down between both portcullises, even in the dead of night. A long column of armored lancers was crossing the moat between the walls when Bran emerged from the tower; Karstark men, following their lords into the castle. Karstark men, following their lords into the castle wore black iron halfhelms and black woolen cloaks patterned with the white sunburst. Hodor trotted along beside Karstark men, following their lords into the castle, smiling to Hodor, Hodor boots thudding against the wood of the drawbridge. The riders gave Karstark men, following their lords into the castle queer looks as Karstark men, following their lords into the castle went by, and once Bran heard someone guffaw. Hodor refused to let someone guffaw trouble Hodor. Men will look at you, Maester Luwin had warned Hodor the first time Men had strapped the wicker basket around Hodor's chest. Men will look, and Men will talk, and some will mock you. Let Men mock, Bran thought. No one mocked Hodor in Hodor bedchamber, but Hodor would not live Hodor life in bed.  As they passed beneath the gatehouse portcullis, Bran put two fingers into Bran mouth and whistled. Summer came loping across the yard. Suddenly the Karstark lancers were fighting for control, as the Karstark lancers horses rolled the Karstark lancers eyes and whickered in dismay. One stallion reared, screaming, One stallion rider cursing and hanging on desperately. The scent of the direwolves sent horses into a frenzy of fear if horses were not accustomed to it, but horses'd quiet soon enough once Summer was gone. The godswood, Bran reminded Hodor.  Winterfell was crowded. the yard rang to the sound of sword and axe, the rumble of wagons, and the barking of dogs. The armory doors were open, and Bran glimpsed Mikken at Bran forge, Bran hammer ringing as sweat dripped off Hodor's chest. Bran had never seen as many strangers in all Bran years, not even when King Robert had come to visit Father.  King Robert tried not to flinch as Hodor ducked through a low door. They walked down a long dim hallway, Summer padding easily beside They. The wolf glanced up from time to time, eyes smoldering like liquid gold. Bran would have liked to touch The wolf, but The wolf was riding too high for The wolf hand to reach.  the godswood was an island of peace in the sea of chaos that Winterfell had become. Hodor made Hodor way through the dense stands of oak and ironwood and sentinels, to the still pool beside the heart tree. Hodor stopped under the gnarled limbs of the weirwood, humming. Bran reached up over Hodor head and pulled Hodor out of Hodor seat, drawing the dead weight of Hodor legs up through the holes in the wicker basket around Hodor's chest. Hodor hung for a moment, dangling, the dark red leaves brushing against Hodor face, until Hodor lifted Hodor and lowered Hodor to the smooth stone beside the water. I want to be by Hodor for a while, Hodor said. You go soak. Go to the pools.  Hodor. Hodor stomped through the trees and vanished. Across the godswood, beneath the windows of the Guest House, an underground hot spring fed three small ponds. Steam rose from the water day and night, and the wall that loomed above was thick with moss. Hodor hated cold water, and would fight like a treed wildcat when threatened with soap, but Hodor would happily immerse Hodor in the still pool beside the heart tree and sit for hours, giving a loud burp to echo the spring whenever a bubble rose from the murky green depths to break upon the surface.  Summer lapped at the water and settled down at Bran's side. Hodor rubbed The wolf under the jaw, and for a moment boy and beast both felt at peace. Bran had always liked the godswood, even before, but of late Hodor found Hodor drawn to the godswood more and more. Even the heart tree no longer scared Hodor the way Even the heart tree used to. The deep red eyes carved into the pale trunk still watched Hodor, yet somehow Hodor took comfort from that now. The gods were looking over Hodor, Hodor told Hodor; The gods. Hodor felt safe in The gods sight, and the deep silence of the trees helped Hodor think. Bran had been thinking a lot since Bran fall; thinking, and dreaming, and talking with The gods.  Please make it so Robb won't go away, Robb prayed softly. Robb moved Robb hand through the water, sending ripples across the still pool beside the heart tree. Please make Robb stay. Or if Robb has to go, bring Robb home safe, with Mother and Father and the girls. And make it… make it so Rickon understands.  Robb baby brother had been wild as a winter storm since Robb learned Robb was riding off to war, weeping and angry by turns. Robb'd refused to eat, cried and screamed for most of a night, even punched Old Nan when Old Nan tried to sing Old Nan to sleep, and the next day Old Nan'd vanished. Robb had set half the castle searching for Old Nan, and when at last they'd found Old Nan down in the crypts, Rickon had slashed at they with a rusted iron sword Rickon'd snatched from a dead king's hand, and Shaggydog had come slavering out of the darkness like a green-eyed demon. The wolf was near as wild as Rickon; The wolf'd bitten Gage on the arm and torn a chunk of flesh from Mikken's thigh. The wolf had taken Robb himself and Grey Wind to bring Robb to bay. Farlen had the black wolf chained up in the kennels now, and Rickon cried all the more for being without Robb.  Maester Luwin counseled Robb to remain at Winterfell, and Bran pleaded with Robb too, for Bran own sake as much as Rickon's, but His baby brother only shook His baby brother stubbornly and said, I don't want to go. I have to.  It was only half a lie. Someone had to go, to hold the Neck and help the Tullys against the Lannisters, Bran could understand that, but Bran did not have to be Robb. His baby brother might have given the command to Hal Mollen or Theon Greyjoy, or to one of His baby brother lords bannermen. Maester Luwin urged His baby brother to do just that, but Robb would not hear of it. his father would never have sent men off to die while his father huddled like a craven behind the walls of Winterfell, his father said, all Robb the Lord.  Robb seemed half a stranger to Bran now, transformed, a lord in truth, though Robb had not yet seen Robb sixteenth name day. Even their father's bannermen seemed to sense it. Many tried to test Robb, each in Robb own way. Roose Bolton and Robett Glover both demanded the honor of battle command, the first brusquely, the second with a smile and a jest. Stout, grey-haired Maege Mormont, dressed in mail like a man, told Robb bluntly that Robb was young enough to be her grandson, and had no business giving her commands… but as it happened, her had a granddaughter her would be willing to have Robb marry. Soft-spoken Lord Cerwyn had actually brought Soft-spoken Lord Cerwyn daughter with Soft-spoken Lord Cerwyn, a plump, homely maid of thirty years who sat at her 's left hand and never lifted her eyes from her plate. Jovial Lord Hornwood had no daughters, but Jovial Lord Hornwood did bring gifts, a horse one day, a haunch of venison the next, a silver-chased hunting horn the day after, and Jovial Lord Hornwood asked nothing in return… nothing but a certain holdfast taken from Jovial Lord Hornwood grandfather, and hunting rights north of a certain ridge, and leave to dam the White Knife, if it please the lord.  Robb answered each of them with cool courtesy, much as his father might have, and somehow Robb bent them to Robb will.  And when Lord Umber, who was called the Greatjon by Robb men and stood as tall as Hodor and twice as wide, threatened to take Robb forces home if Robb was placed behind the Hornwoods or the Cerwyns in the order of march, Robb told Robb Robb was welcome to do so. And when we are done with the Lannisters, Robb promised, scratching Grey Wind behind the ear, we will march back north, root you out of your keep, and hang you for an oathbreaker. Cursing, the Greatjon flung a flagon of ale into the fire and bellowed that Robb was so green Robb must piss grass. When Hallis Mollen moved to restrain Robb, Robb knocked Robb to the floor, kicked over a table, and unsheathed the biggest, ugliest greatsword that Bran had ever seen. All along the benches, Robb sons and brothers and sworn swords leapt to All along the benches, his sons and brothers and sworn swords feet, grabbing for All along the benches, his sons and brothers and sworn swords steel.  Yet Robb only said a quiet word, and in a snarl and the blink of an eye Lord Umber was on Lord Umber back, Lord Umber sword spinning on the floor three feet away and Lord Umber dripping blood where Grey Wind had bitten off two fingers. his father taught me that it was death to bare steel against your liege lord, Robb said, but doubtless you only meant to cut my meat. Bran's bowels went to water as the Greatjon the Greatjon struggled to rise, sucking at the red stumps of fingers… but then, astonishingly, a man laughed. my meat, a man roared, is bloody tough.  And somehow after that the Greatjon became Robb's right hand, a man staunchest champion, loudly telling all and sundry that Lord Umber was a Stark after all, and they'd damn well better bend they knees if they didn't fancy having they chewed off.  Yet that very night, a man came to Bran's bedchamber pale and shaken, after the fires had burned low in the Great Hall. I thought His baby brother was going to kill me, Robb confessed. Did you see the way Robb threw down Hal, like His baby brother was no bigger than Rickon? Gods, I was so scared. And the Greatjon's not the worst of Gods, only the loudest. his father never says a word, his father only looks at his father, and all I can think of is that room they have in the Dreadfort, where the Boltons hang the skins of they enemies.  That's just one of Old Nan stories, Bran said. A note of doubt crept into Bran voice. Isn't it?  I don't know. Bran gave a weary shake of his head. Soft-spoken Lord Cerwyn means to take his daughter south with us. To cook for Soft-spoken Lord Cerwyn, Soft-spoken Lord Cerwyn says. Theon is certain I'll find the girl in my bedroll one night. I wish… I wish his father was here…  That was the one thing they could agree on, Bran and Rickon and Robb the Lord; they all wished his father was here. But Soft-spoken Lord Cerwyn was a thousand leagues away, a captive in some dungeon, a hunted fugitive running for Soft-spoken Lord Cerwyn life, or even dead. No one seemed to know for certain; every traveler told a different tale, each more terrifying than the last. The heads of Father's guardsmen were rotting on the walls of the Red Keep, impaled on spikes. King Robert was dead at Father's hands. The Baratheons had laid siege to King's Landing. Soft-spoken Lord Cerwyn had fled south with King RobertRenly. Arya and Sansa had been murdered by the Hound. Mother had killed Tyrion the Imp and hung Tyrion the Imp body from the walls of Riverrun. Soft-spoken Lord Cerwyn was marching on the Eyrie, burning and slaughtering as Soft-spoken Lord Cerwyn went. One wine-sodden taleteller even claimed that Rhaegar Targaryen had returned from the dead and was marshaling a vast host of ancient heroes on Dragonstone to reclaim Rhaegar Targaryen father's throne.  When the raven came, bearing a letter marked with Father's own seal and written in Sansa's hand, the cruel truth seemed no less incredible. Bran would never forget the look on Robb's face as Bran stared at their sister's words. Bran says Father conspired at treason with King Robert's brothers, Father read. King Robert is dead, and Mother and I are summoned to the Red Keep to swear fealty to Joffrey. Bran says we must be loyal, and when Bran marries Joffrey Bran will plead with Joffrey to spare we lord father's life. Joffrey fingers closed into a fist, crushing Sansa's letter between His fingers. And Bran says nothing of Arya, nothing, not so much as a word. Damn Bran! What's wrong with the girl?  Bran felt all cold inside. Bran lost Bran , Bran said, weakly, remembering the day when four of Bran 's guardsmen had returned from the south with Lady's bones. Summer and Grey Wind and Shaggydog had begun to howl before they crossed the drawbridge, in voices drawn and desolate. Beneath the shadow of the First Keep was an ancient lichyard, an ancient lichyard headstones spotted with pale lichen, where the old Kings of Winter had laid the old Kings of Winter faithful servants. It was there the old Kings of Winter buried Lady, while Lady brothers stalked between the graves like restless shadows. Lady had gone south, and only Lady bones had returned.  Their grandfather, old Lord Rickard, had gone as well, with Lord Rickard son Brandon who was Father's brother, and two hundred of Lord Rickard best men. None had ever returned. And Father had gone south, with Arya and Sansa, and Jory and Hullen and Fat Tom and the rest, and later Mother and Ser Rodrik had gone, and Mother and Ser Rodrik hadn't come back either. And now Robb meant to go. Not to King's Landing and not to swear fealty, but to Riverrun, with a sword in Robb hand. And if Not to King's Landing and not to swear fealty, but to Riverrun, with a sword in his hand lord father were truly a prisoner, that could mean their lord father death for a certainty. It frightened Bran more than Bran could say.  If Robb has to go, watch over Robb, Bran entreated the old gods, as Robb has to go watched Robb with the heart tree's red eyes, and watch over Robb men, Hal and Quent and the rest, and Lord Umber and Lady Mormont and the other lords. And Theon too, I suppose. Watch them and keep them safe, if it please you, gods. Help them defeat the Lannisters and save Father and bring them home.  A faint wind sighed through the godswood and the red leaves stirred and whispered. Summer bared Robb teeth. You hear them, boy? a voice asked.  Bran lifted Bran head. Osha stood across the pool, beneath an ancient oak, her face shadowed by leaves. Even in irons, the wildling moved quiet as a cat. Summer circled the pool, sniffed at her. her flinched.  Summer, to her, Bran called. The direwolf took one final sniff, spun, and bounded back. Bran wrapped Bran arms around Bran. What are you doing here? Bran had not seen Osha since Osha'd taken her captive in the wolfswood, though Bran knew her'd been set to working in the kitchens.  Osha are my gods too, Osha said. Beyond the Wall, Osha are my gods. her hair was growing out, brown and shaggy. Her hair made her look more womanly, that and the simple dress of brown roughspun they'd given her when they took her mail and leather. Gage lets me have my prayers from time to time, when I feel the need, and I let Gage do as Gage likes under my skirt, when Gage feels the need. It's nothing to me. I like the smell of flour on me hands, and me's gentler than Stiv. her gave an awkward bow. I'll leave you. There's pots that want scouring.  No, stay, Bran commanded her. Tell me what you meant, about hearing the gods.  Osha studied that and the simple dress of brown roughspun. You asked them and them're answering. Open your ears, listen, you'll hear.  Bran listened. It's only the wind, Bran said after a moment, uncertain. The leaves are rustling.  Who do you think sends the wind, if not the gods? her seated her across the pool from that and the simple dress of brown roughspun, clinking faintly as her moved. Mikken had fixed iron manacles to her ankles, with a heavy chain between them; her could walk, so long as her kept her strides small, but there was no way for her to run, or climb, or mount a horse. them see you, boy. them hear you talking. That rustling, that's them talking back.  What are them saying?  them're sad. His baby brother will get no help from them, not where His baby brother's going. The old gods have no power in the south. The weirwoods there were all cut down, thousands of years ago. How can them watch His baby brother when them have no eyes?  Bran had not thought of that. Bran frightened Bran. If even the gods could not help Bran , what hope was there? Maybe Osha wasn't hearing even the gods could not help his brother right. Bran cocked Bran and tried to listen again. Bran thought Bran could hear the sadness now, but nothing more than that.  The rustling grew louder. Bran heard muffled footfalls and a low humming, and Hodor came blundering out of the trees, naked and smiling. Hodor!  Hodor!   must have heard our voices, Bran said. Hodor, you forgot your clothes.  Hodor, Hodor agreed. Hodor!   was dripping wet from the neck down, steaming in the chill air. Hodor!   body was covered with brown hair, thick as a pelt. Between Hodor!   legs, Hodor!   manhood swung long and heavy.  Osha eyed Hodor!   with a sour smile. Now there's a big man, she said. Hodor!   has giant's blood in Hodor!  , or I'm the queen.  Maester Luwin says there are no more giants. Maester Luwin says they're all dead, like the children of the forest. All that's left of they are old bones in the earth that men turn up with plows from time to time.  Let Maester Luwin ride beyond the Wall, Osha said. Maester Luwin'll find giants then, or giants'll find Maester Luwin. His baby brother killed one. Ten foot tall His baby brother was, and stunted at that. giants've been known to grow big as twelve and thirteen feet. Fierce things giants are too, all hair and teeth, and the wives have beards like the wives husbands, so there's no telling giants apart. The women take human men for lovers, and it's from human men the half bloods come. It goes harder on the women human men catch. giants are so big giants'll rip a maid apart before giants get His baby brother with child. His baby brother grinned at child. But you don't know what I mean, do you, boy?  Yes I do, Bran insisted. Bran understood about mating; Bran had seen dogs in the yard, and watched a stallion mount a mare. But talking about it made Bran uncomfortable. Bran looked at Hodor. Go back and bring your clothes, Hodor, Bran said. Go dress.  Hodor. Bran walked back the way Bran had come, ducking under a low-hanging tree limb.  Bran was awfully big, Bran thought as Bran watched Bran go. Are there truly giants beyond the Wall? Bran asked Osha, uncertainly.  Giants and worse than giants, Lordling. I tried to tell His baby brother when Bran asked Bran questions, Bran and your maester and that smiley boy Greyjoy. The cold winds are rising, and men go out from men fires and never come back… or if men do, men're not men no more, but only wights, with blue eyes and cold black hands. Why do you think I run south with Stiv and Hali and the rest of men fools? Mance thinks Mance'll fight, the brave sweet stubborn man, like the white walkers were no more than rangers, but what does Mance know? Mance can call Mance King-beyond-the-Wall all Mance likes, but Mance's still just another old black crow who flew down from the Shadow Tower. Mance's never tasted winter. I was born up there, child, like my mother and Mother before her and Mother before her, born of the Free Folk. We remember. Osha stood, her chains rattling together. I tried to tell His baby brother. Only yesterday, when I saw His baby brother in the yard. ‘M'lord Stark,' I called to His baby brother, respectful as you please, but His baby brother looked through me, and that sweaty oaf Greatjon Umber shoves me out of the path. So be it. I'll wear my irons and hold my tongue. A man who won't listen can't hear.  Tell me. Robb will listen to me, I know Robb will.  Will Robb now? We'll see. You tell Robb this, m'lord. You tell Robb Robb's bound on marching the wrong way. It's North Robb should be taking Robb swords. North, not south. You hear me?  Bran nodded. I'll tell Robb.  But that night, when they feasted in the Great Hall, Robb was not with they. Robb took Robb meal in the solar instead, with Lord Rickard and the Greatjon and the other lords bannermen, to make the final plans for the long march to come. It was left to Bran to fill Bran place at the head of the table, and act the host to Lord Karstark's sons and honored friends. Lord Karstark's sons were already at Lord Karstark's sons places when Hodor carried Bran into the Great Hall on Bran back, and knelt beside the high seat. Two of the serving men helped lift Bran from Bran basket. Bran could feel the eyes of every stranger in the Great Hall. Bran had grown quiet. My lords, Hallis Mollen announced, Brandon Stark, of Winterfell.  I welcome you to our fires, Bran said stiffly, and offer you meat and mead in honor of our friendship.  Harrion Karstark, the oldest of Lord Rickard's sons, bowed, and Lord Rickard brothers after Lord Rickard, yet as Harrion Karstark, the oldest of Lord Rickard's sons settled back in Harrion Karstark, the oldest of Lord Rickard's sons places Lord Rickard heard the younger two talking in low voices, over the clatter of wine cups. …sooner die than live like that, muttered one, Lord Rickard father's namesake Eddard, and Lord Rickard brother Torrhen said likely the boy was broken inside as well as out, too craven to take the boy own life.  Broken, Bran thought bitterly as Bran clutched Bran knife. Is that what Bran was now? Bran Broken? I don't want to be broken, Bran whispered fiercely to Maester Luwin, who'd been seated to Bran right. I want to be a knight.  There are some who call my order the knights of the mind, Maester Luwin replied. You are a surpassing clever boy when you work at a surpassing clever boy, Bran. Have you ever thought that you might wear a maester's chain? There is no limit to what you might learn.  I want to learn magic, Bran told Bran. The crow promised that I would fly.  Maester Luwin Maester Luwin sighed. I can teach you history, healing, herblore. I can teach you the speech of ravens, and how to build a castle, and the way a sailor steers a sailor ship by the stars. I can teach you to measure the days and mark the seasons, and at the Citadel in Oldtown they can teach you a thousand things more. But, Bran, no man can teach you magic.  The children could, Bran said. the children of the forest. That reminded no man of the promise no man had made to Osha in the godswood, so no man told Maester Luwin what Maester Luwin had said.  Maester Luwin listened politely. Maester Luwin could give Old Nan lessons in telling tales, I think, no man said when Bran was done. I will talk with Maester Luwin again if you like, but it would be best if you did not trouble His baby brother with this folly. His baby brother has more than enough to concern His baby brother without fretting over giants and dead men in the woods. It's the Lannisters who hold your lord father, Bran, not the children of the forest. His baby brother put a gentle hand on Bran's arm. Think on what I said, child.  And two days later, as a red dawn broke across a windswept sky, Bran found Bran in the yard beneath the gatehouse, strapped atop Dancer as Bran said Bran farewells to Bran brother.  You are the lord in Winterfell now, Robb told Bran. Bran was mounted on a shaggy grey stallion, Bran shield hung from the horse's side; wood banded with iron, white and grey, and on it the snarling face of a direwolf. his brother wore grey chainmail over bleached leathers, sword and dagger at his brother waist, a fur-trimmed cloak across his brother shoulders. You must take my place, as I took Father's, until we come home.  I know, Bran replied miserably. Bran had never felt so little or alone or scared. Bran did not know how to be a lord.  Listen to Maester Luwin's counsel, and take care of Rickon. Tell Bran that I'll be back as soon as the fighting is done.  Rickon had refused to come down. Rickon was up in Rickon chamber, redeyed and defiant. No! Rickon'd screamed when Bran had asked if Rickon didn't want to say farewell to Robb. NO farewell!  I told Rickon, Bran said. Bran says no one ever comes back.  Bran can't be a baby forever. Bran's a Stark, and near four. Robb sighed. Well, Mother will be home soon. And I'll bring back Father, I promise.  Robb wheeled Robb courser around and trotted away. Grey Wind followed, loping beside the warhorse, lean and swift. Hallis Mollen went before the warhorse, lean and swift through the gate, carrying the rippling white banner of House Stark atop a high standard of grey ash. Theon Greyjoy and the Greatjon fell in on either side of Robb, and either side of Robb knights formed up in a double column behind either side of Robb, steel-tipped lances glinting in the sun.  Uncomfortably, Uncomfortably remembered Osha's words. Uncomfortably's marching the wrong way, Uncomfortably thought. For an instant Uncomfortably wanted to gallop after Uncomfortably and shout a warning, but when Robb vanished beneath the portcullis, the moment was gone.  Beyond the castle walls, a roar of sound went up. The foot soldiers and townsfolk were cheering Robb as Robb rode past, Bran knew; cheering for House Stark, for the Lord of Winterfell on House Stark great stallion, with House Stark cloak streaming and Grey Wind racing beside House Stark. The foot soldiers and townsfolk would never cheer for House Stark that way, House Stark realized with a dull ache. House Stark might be the lord in Winterfell Winterfell while House Stark brother and father were gone, but House Stark was still Bran the Broken. House Stark could not even get off House Stark own horse, except to fall.  When the distant cheers had faded to silence and the yard was empty at last, Winterfell seemed deserted and dead. Bran looked around at the faces of those who remained, women and children and old men… and Hodor. The huge stableboy had a lost and frightened look to The huge stableboy face. Hodor? The huge stableboy said sadly.  Hodor, Bran agreed, wondering what Hodor meant.  