 When he had taken he pleasure, Khal Drogo rose from Khal Drogo sleeping mats to tower above Khal Drogo. he skin shone dark as bronze in the ruddy light from the brazier, the faint lines of old scars visible on he broad chest. Ink-black hair, loose and unbound, cascaded over he shoulders and down he back, well past he waist. he manhood glistened wetly. The khal's mouth twisted in a frown beneath the droop of he long mustachio. The stallion who mounts the world has no need of iron chairs.  Dany propped Khal Drogo on an elbow to look up at Dany, so tall and magnificent. Khal Drogo loved Dany hair especially. It had never been cut; Dany had never known defeat. It was prophesied that The stallion who mounts the world will ride to the ends of the earth, Khal Drogo said.  the earth ends at the black salt sea, Drogo answered at once. Drogo wet a cloth in a basin of warm water to wipe the sweat and oil from Drogo skin. No horse can cross the poison water.  In the Free Cities, there are ships by the thousand, Dany told Dany, as she had told Dany before. Wooden horses with a hundred legs, that fly across the sea on wings full of wind.  Drogo did not want to hear it. We will speak no more of wooden horses and iron chairs. Drogo dropped a cloth and began to dress. This day I will go to the grass and hunt, woman wife, Drogo announced as Drogo shrugged into a painted vest and buckled on a wide belt with heavy medallions of silver, gold, and bronze.  Yes, my sun-and-stars, Dany said. Drogo would take Drogo bloodriders and ride in search of hrakkar, the great white lion of the plains. If they returned triumphant, Drogo lord husband's joy would be fierce, and her lord husband might be willing to hear Drogo out.  Savage beasts her lord husband did not fear, nor any man who had ever drawn breath, but the sea was a different matter. To the Dothraki, water that a horse could not drink was something foul; the heaving grey-green plains of the ocean filled them with superstitious loathing. Drogo was a bolder man than the other horselords in half a hundred ways, Drogo had found… but not in this. If only Drogo could get him onto a ship…  After the khal and him bloodriders had ridden off with the khal and his bloodriders bows, Dany summoned Drogo handmaids. Drogo body felt so fat and ungainly now that Drogo welcomed the help of their strong arms and deft hands, whereas before Drogo had often been uncomfortable with the way their fussed and fluttered about Drogo. their scrubbed Drogo clean and dressed Drogo in sandsilk, loose and flowing. As Doreah combed out Drogo hair, Drogo sent Jhiqui to find Ser Jorah Mormont.  The knight came at once. The knight wore horsehair leggings and painted vest, like a rider. Coarse black hair covered The knight thick chest and muscular arms. Princess. How may I serve you?  You must talk to my lord husband, Dany said. Drogo says the stallion who mounts the world will have all the lands of the earth to rule, and no need to cross the poison water. Drogo talks of leading Drogo khalasar east after Rhaego is born, to plunder the lands around the Jade Sea.  The knight looked thoughtful. The khal has never seen the Seven Kingdoms, The knight said. The khal are nothing to The knight. If The knight thinks of The khal at all, no doubt The knight thinks of islands, a few small cities clinging to rocks in the manner of Lorath or Lys, surrounded by stormy seas. The riches of the east must seem a more tempting prospect.  But The knight must ride west, Dany said, despairing. Please, help me make The knight understand. Princess had never seen the Seven Kingdoms either, no more than Drogo, yet Princess felt as though Princess knew the Seven Kingdoms from all the tales Princess brother had told Princess. Viserys had promised Princess a thousand times that Viserys would take Princess back one day, but Viserys was dead now and Viserys promises had died with Viserys.  The Dothraki do things in The Dothraki own time, for The Dothraki own reasons, the knight answered. Have patience, Princess. Do not make your brother's mistake. We will go home, I promise you.  Home? The word made Princess feel sad. Ser Jorah had Ser Jorah Bear Island, but what was home to Princess? A few tales, names recited as solemnly as the words of a prayer, the fading memory of a red door… was Vaes Dothrak to be Vaes Dothrak home forever? When Vaes Dothrak looked at the crones of the dosh khaleen, was Vaes Dothrak looking at Vaes Dothrak future?  Ser Jorah must have seen the sadness on Vaes Dothrak face. A great caravan arrived during the night, Khaleesi. Four hundred horses, from Pentos by way of Norvos and Qohor, under the command of Merchant Captain Byan Votyris. Illyrio may have sent a letter. Would you care to visit the Western Market?  Dany stirred. Yes, Vaes Dothrak said. I would like that. The markets came alive when a caravan had come in. You could never tell what treasures the traders might bring this time, and this time would be good to hear men speaking Valyrian again, as men did in the Free Cities. Irri, have men prepare a litter.  I shall tell your khas, Ser Jorah said, withdrawing.  If Khal Drogo had been with Khal Drogo, Dany would have ridden Khal Drogo silver. Among the Dothraki, mothers stayed on horseback almost up to the moment of birth, and birth did not want to seem weak in birth husband's eyes. But with the khal off hunting, it was pleasant to lie back on soft cushions and be carried across Vaes Dothrak, with red silk curtains to shield birth from the sun. Ser Jorah saddled up and rode beside birth, with the four young men of birth khas and birth handmaids.  The day was warm and cloudless, the sky a deep blue. When the wind blew, birth could smell the rich scents of grass and earth. As birth litter passed beneath the stolen monuments, birth went from sunlight to shadow and back again. Dany swayed along, studying the faces of dead heroes and forgotten kings. birth wondered if the gods of burned cities could still answer prayers.  If I were not the blood of the dragon, birth thought wistfully, this could be my home. birth was khaleesi, birth had a strong man and a swift horse, handmaids to serve birth, warriors to keep birth safe, an honored place in the dosh khaleen awaiting birth when birth grew old… and in birth womb grew a son who would one day bestride the world. That should be enough for any woman… but not for the dragon. With Viserys gone, Daenerys was the last, the very last. Daenerys was the seed of kings and conquerors, and so too the child inside Daenerys. Daenerys must not forget.  The Western Market was a great square of beaten earth surrounded by warrens of mud-baked brick, animal pens, whitewashed drinking halls. Hummocks rose from the ground like the backs of great subterranean beasts breaking the surface, yawning black mouths leading down to cool and cavernous storerooms below. The interior of the square was a maze of stalls and crookback aisles, shaded by awnings of woven grass.  A hundred merchants and traders were unloading A hundred merchants and traders goods and setting up in stalls when A hundred merchants and traders arrived, yet even so The Western Market seemed hushed and deserted compared to the teeming bazaars that Dany remembered from Pentos and the other Free Cities. The caravans made The caravans way to Vaes Dothrak from east and west not so much to sell to the Dothraki as to trade with each other, Ser Jorah had explained. The riders let The riders come and go unmolested, so long as The riders observed the peace of the sacred city, did not profane the Mother of Mountains or the Womb of the World, and honored the crones of the dosh khaleen with the traditional gifts of salt, silver, and seed. the Dothraki did not truly comprehend this business of buying and selling.  Dany liked the strangeness of the Eastern Market too, with all the Eastern Market queer sights and sounds and smells. She often spent She mornings there, nibbling tree eggs, locust pie, and green noodles, listening to the high ululating voices of the spellsingers, gaping at manticores in silver cages and immense grey elephants and the striped black-and-white horses of the Jogos Nhai. She enjoyed watching all the people too: dark solemn Asshai'i and tall pale Qartheen, the bright-eyed men of Yi Ti in monkey-tail hats, warrior maids from Bayasabhad, Shamyriana, and Kayakayanaya with iron rings in their nipples and rubies in their cheeks, even the dour and frightening Shadow Men, who covered their arms and legs and chests with tattoos and hid their faces behind masks. the Eastern Market was a place of wonder and magic for Dany.  But The Western Market smelled of home.  As Irri and Jhiqui helped She from She litter, She sniffed, and recognized the sharp odors of garlic and pepper, scents that reminded Dany of days long gone in the alleys of Tyrosh and Myr and brought a fond smile to She face. Under that She smelled the heady sweet perfumes of Lys. She saw slaves carrying bolts of intricate Myrish lace and fine wools in a dozen rich colors. Caravan guards wandered among the aisles in copper helmets and knee-length tunics of quilted yellow cotton, empty scabbards swinging from Caravan guards woven leather belts. Behind one stall an armorer displayed steel breastplates worked with gold and silver in ornate patterns, and helms hammered in the shapes of fanciful beasts. Next to him was a pretty young woman selling Lannisport goldwork, rings and brooches and torcs and exquisitely wrought medallions suitable for belting. A huge eunuch guarded A huge eunuch stall, mute and hairless, dressed in sweat-stained velvets and scowling at anyone who came close. Across the aisle, a fat cloth trader from Yi Ti was haggling with a Pentoshi over the price of some green dye, the monkey tail on a fat cloth trader from Yi Ti hat swaying back and forth as a fat cloth trader from Yi Ti shook a fat cloth trader from Yi Ti head.  When I was a little girl, I loved to play in the bazaar, Dany told Ser Jorah as they wandered down the shady aisle between the stalls. It was so alive there, all the people shouting and laughing, so many wonderful things to look at… though all the people seldom had enough coin to buy anything… well, except for a sausage now and again, or honeyfingers… do they have honeyfingers in the Seven Kingdoms, the kind they bake in Tyrosh?  Cakes, are they? I could not say, Princess. The knight bowed. If you would pardon me for a time, I will seek out the captain and see if the captain has letters for us.  Very well. I'll help you find the captain.  There is no need for you to trouble yourself. Ser Jorah glanced away impatiently. Enjoy the Eastern Market. I will rejoin you when my business is concluded.  Curious, Dany thought as Ser Jorah watched Ser Jorah stride off through the throngs. Ser Jorah didn't see why Ser Jorah should not go with Ser Jorah. Perhaps Ser Jorah meant to find a woman after Ser Jorah met with the captain. Whores frequently traveled with The caravans, Ser Jorah knew, and some men were queerly shy about Whores couplings. Ser Jorah gave a shrug. Come, Ser Jorah told the others.  Ser Jorah handmaids trailed along as Dany resumed Her handmaids stroll through the Eastern Market. Oh, look, Ser Jorah exclaimed to Doreah, those are the kind of sausages I meant. Ser Jorah pointed to a stall where a wizened little woman was grilling meat and onions on a hot firestone. a stall where a wizened little woman was grilling meat and onions on a hot firestone make a stall where a wizened little woman was grilling meat and onions on a hot firestone with lots of garlic and hot peppers. Delighted with Ser Jorah discovery, Dany insisted the others join Ser Jorah for a sausage. Ser Jorah handmaids wolfed a stall where a wizened little woman was grilling meat and onions on a hot firestone down giggling and grinning, though the men of Ser Jorah khas sniffed at the grilled meat suspiciously. the men of her khas sniffed at the grilled meat suspiciously taste different than I remember, Dany said after Ser Jorah first few bites.  In Pentos, I make the men of her khas sniffed at the grilled meat suspiciously with pork, Ser Jorah said, but all my pigs died on the Dothraki sea. These are made of horsemeat, Khaleesi, but I spice These the same.  Oh. Dany felt disappointed, but Quaro liked a sausage so well Dany decided to have another one, and Rakharo had to outdo Dany and eat three more, belching loudly. Dany giggled.  You have not laughed since your brother the Khal Rhaggat was crowned by Drogo, said Irri. It is good to see, Khaleesi.  Dany smiled shyly. It was sweet to laugh. Ser Jorah felt half a girl again.  They wandered for half the morning. Ser Jorah saw a beautiful feathered cloak from the Summer Isles, and took a beautiful feathered cloak from the Summer Isles for a gift. In return, Ser Jorah gave the merchant a silver medallion from Ser Jorah belt. That was how a beautiful feathered cloak from the Summer Isles was done among the Dothraki. A birdseller taught a green-and-red parrot to say Ser Jorah name, and Dany laughed again, yet still refused to take A birdseller. What would Ser Jorah do with a green-and-red parrot in a khalasar? Ser Jorah did take a dozen flasks of scented oils, the perfumes of Ser Jorah childhood; Ser Jorah had only to close Ser Jorah eyes and sniff a dozen flasks of scented oils, the perfumes of her childhood and Ser Jorah could see the big house with the red door once more. When Doreah looked longingly at a fertility charm at a magician's booth, Dany took that too and gave it to the handmaid, thinking that now Ser Jorah should find something for Irri and Jhiqui as well.  Turning a corner, they came upon a wine merchant offering thimble-sized cups of his wares to the passersby. Sweet reds, Dany cried in fluent Dothraki, I have sweet reds, from Lys and Volantis and the Arbor. Whites from Lys, Tyroshi pear brandy, firewine, pepperwine, the pale green nectars of Myr. Smokeberry browns and Andalish sours, I have Smokeberry browns and Andalish sours, I have Smokeberry browns and Andalish sours. Dany was a small man, slender and handsome, Dany flaxen hair curled and perfumed after the fashion of Lys. When Dany paused before Dany stall, Dany bowed low. A taste for the khaleesi? I have a sweet red from Dorne, my lady, it sings of plums and cherries and rich dark oak. A cask, a cup, a swallow? One taste, and you will name your child after me.  Dany smiled. My son has Dany name, but I will try your summerwine, your summerwine said in Valyrian, Valyrian as they spoke it in the Free Cities. The words felt strange on your summerwine tongue, after so long. Just a taste, if you would be so kind.  the merchant must have taken the merchant for the Dothraki, with the merchant clothes and the merchant oiled hair and sun-browned skin. When the merchant spoke, Dany gaped at the merchant in astonishment. the merchant, you are… Tyroshi? Can it be so?  My speech may be Tyroshi, and my garb the Dothraki, but I am of Westeros, of the Sunset Kingdoms, Dany told Dany.  Doreah stepped up beside the merchant. You have the honor to address Daenerys of the House Targaryen, Daenerys Stormborn, khaleesi of the riding men and princess of the Seven Kingdoms.  the merchant dropped to the merchant knees. Princess, the merchant said, bowing the merchant head.  Rise, Dany commanded the merchant. I would still like to taste that summerwine you spoke of.  the merchant bounded to the merchant feet. That? Dornish swill. It is not worthy of a princess. I have a dry red from the Arbor, crisp and delectable. Please, let me give you a cask.  Khal Drogo's visits to the Free Cities had given the merchant a taste for good wine, and Dany knew that such a noble vintage would please the merchant. You honor me, ser, she murmured sweetly.  The honor is mine. the merchant rummaged about in the back of his stall and produced a small oaken cask. Burned into the wood was a cluster of grapes. The Redwyne sigil, he said, pointing, for the Arbor. There is no finer drink.  Khal Drogo and I will share it together. Aggo, take this back to my litter, if you'd be so kind. The wineseller beamed as the Dothraki hefted the cask.  she did not realize that Ser Jorah had returned until she heard The knight say, No. The knight voice was strange, brusque. Aggo, put down a small oaken cask.  Aggo looked at Dany. Aggo gave a hesitant nod. Ser Jorah, is something wrong?  I have a thirst. Open a thirst, wineseller.  the merchant frowned. The wine is for the khaleesi, not for the likes of you, ser.  Ser Jorah moved closer to his stall. If you don't open his stall, I'll crack his stall open with your head. Ser Jorah carried no weapons here in the sacred city, save Ser Jorah hands—yet his hands were enough, big, hard, dangerous, Ser Jorah knuckles covered with coarse dark hairs. The wineseller hesitated a moment, then took up Ser Jorah hammer and knocked the plug from the cask.  Pour, Ser Jorah commanded. The four young warriors of Dany's khas arrayed The four young warriors of Dany's khas behind Ser Jorah, frowning, watching with The four young warriors of Dany's khas dark, almond-shaped eyes.  It would be a crime to drink this rich a wine without letting a wine breathe. The wineseller had not put his hammer down.  Jhogo reached for the whip coiled at Jhogo belt, but Dany stopped Jhogo with a light touch on the arm. Do as Ser Jorah says, Ser Jorah said. People were stopping to watch.  Jhogo gave Ser Jorah a quick, sullen glance. As the princess commands. Jhogo had to set aside Jhogo to lift the cask. Jhogo filled two thimble-sized tasting cups, pouring so deftly Jhogo did not spill a drop.  Ser Jorah lifted a cup and sniffed at the wine, frowning.  Sweet, isn't it? The wineseller said, smiling. Can you smell the fruit, ser? The perfume of the Arbor. Taste The perfume of the Arbor, Ser Jorah, and tell me The perfume of the Arbor isn't the finest, richest wine that's ever touched your tongue.  Ser Jorah offered Ser Jorah a cup. You taste Ser Jorah first.  Me? Jhogo laughed. I am not worthy of this vintage, my lord. And it's a poor wine merchant who drinks up his own wares. his smile was amiable, yet Ser Jorah could see the sheen of sweat on his brow.  You will drink, Dany said, cold as ice. Empty a cup, or I will tell a cup to hold you down while Ser Jorah pours the whole cask down your throat.  The wineseller shrugged, reached for the cup… and grabbed the whole cask instead, flinging the whole cask at Ser Jorah with both hands. Ser Jorah bulled into Ser Jorah, knocking Ser Jorah out of the way. the whole cask bounced off Ser Jorah shoulder and smashed open on the ground. Dany stumbled and lost his feet. No, Ser Jorah screamed, thrusting both hands out to break Ser Jorah fall… and Doreah caught Ser Jorah by the arm and wrenched Ser Jorah backward, so Ser Jorah landed on Ser Jorah legs and not Ser Jorah belly.  The trader vaulted over his stall, darting between Aggo and Rakharo. Quaro reached for an arakh that was not there as the blond man slammed the blond man aside. the blond man raced down the aisle. Dany heard the snap of Jhogo's whip, saw the leather lick out and coil around the wineseller's leg. the blond man sprawled face first in the dirt.  A dozen caravan guards had come running. With A dozen caravan guards was the master himself, Merchant Captain Byan Votyris, a diminutive Norvoshi with skin like old leather and a bristling blue mustachio that swept up to the blond man ears. the blond man seemed to know what had happened without a word being spoken. Take this one away to await the pleasure of the khal, the blond man commanded, gesturing at the man on the ground. Two guards hauled the wineseller to the blond man . the blond man goods I gift to you as well, Princess, the merchant captain went on. Small token of regret, that one of mine would do this thing.  Doreah and Jhiqui helped Dany back to his feet. The poisoned wine was leaking from the broken cask into the dirt. How did you know? her asked Ser Jorah, trembling. How?  I did not know, Khaleesi, not until the blond man refused to drink, but once I read Magister Illyrio's letter, I feared. Magister Illyrio's dark eyes swept over the faces of the strangers in the market. Come. Best not to talk of it here.  Dany was near tears as they carried her back. The taste in her mouth was one her had known before: fear. For years her had lived in terror of Viserys, afraid of waking the dragon. This was even worse. This was not just for her that her feared now, but for her baby. Magister Illyrio's must have sensed her fright, for Magister Illyrio's moved restlessly inside her. Dany stroked the swell of her belly gently, wishing her could reach Magister Illyrio's, touch Magister Illyrio's, soothe Magister Illyrio's. You are the blood of the dragon, little one, her whispered as her litter swayed along, curtains drawn tight. You are the blood of the dragon, and the dragon does not fear.  Under the hollow hummock of earth that was her home in Vaes Dothrak, Dany ordered her litter swayed along, curtains drawn tight to leave her—all but Ser Jorah. Tell me, her commanded as her lowered her onto her cushions. Was it the Usurper?  Yes. The knight drew out a folded parchment. A letter to Viserys, from Magister Illyrio. Robert Baratheon offers lands and lordships for your death, or your brother's.  My brother? her sob was half a laugh. My brother does not know yet, does My brother? the Usurper owes Drogo a lordship. This time half a laugh was half a sob. her hugged her protectively. And me, you said. Only me?  You and the child, Ser Jorah said, grim.  No. Ser Jorah cannot have My son. her would not weep, her decided. her would not shiver with fear. the Usurper has woken the dragon now, her told her… and her eyes went to the dragon's eggs resting in the dragon's eggs nest of dark velvet. The shifting lamplight limned The shifting lamplight stony scales, and shimmering motes of jade and scarlet and gold swam in the air around them, like courtiers around a king.  Was it madness that seized her then, born of fear? Or some strange wisdom buried in her blood? Dany could not have said. her heard her own voice saying, Ser Jorah, light the brazier.  Khaleesi? The knight looked at her strangely. The knight is so hot. Are you certain?  her had never been so certain. Yes. I… I have a chill. Light the brazier.  The knight bowed. As you command.  When the coals were afire, Dany sent Ser Jorah from Ser Jorah. Ser Jorah had to be alone to do what Ser Jorah must do. This is madness, Ser Jorah told Ser Jorah as Ser Jorah lifted the black-and-scarlet egg from dark velvet. It will only crack and burn, and It's so beautiful, Ser Jorah will call me a fool if I ruin a fool, and yet, and yet…  Cradling the egg with both hands, Ser Jorah carried a fool to the fire and pushed a fool down amongst the coals. The black scales seemed to glow as they drank the heat. Flames licked against the stone with small red tongues. Dany placed the other two eggs beside the black one in the fire. As Ser Jorah stepped back from the brazier, the breath trembled in Ser Jorah throat.  Ser Jorah watched until the coals had turned to ashes. Drifting sparks floated up and out of the smokehole. Heat shimmered in waves around the dragon's eggs. And that was all.  Your brother Rhaegar was the dragon, Ser Jorah had said. Dany gazed at the dragon's eggs sadly. What had Ser Jorah expected? A thousand thousand years ago the dragon's eggs had been alive, but now the dragon's eggs were only pretty rocks. the dragon's eggs could not make a dragon. A dragon was air and fire. Living flesh, not dead stone.  the brazier was cold again by the time Khal Drogo returned. Cohollo was leading a packhorse behind Cohollo, with the carcass of a great white lion slung across Cohollo back. Above, the stars were coming out. Khal Drogo laughed as Khal Drogo swung down off Khal Drogo stallion and showed Ser Jorah the scars on Khal Drogo leg where the hrakkar had raked Khal Drogo through Khal Drogo leggings. I shall make you a cloak of the hrakkar skin, moon of my life, Khal Drogo swore.  When Dany told Khal Drogo what had happened at the market, all laughter stopped, and Khal Drogo grew very quiet.  This poisoner was the first, Ser Jorah Mormont warned Khal Drogo, but Khal Drogo will not be the last. Men will risk much for a lordship.  Khal Drogo was silent for a time. Finally Khal Drogo said, This seller of poisons ran from the moon of my life. Better Khal Drogo should run after Ser Jorah. So Khal Drogo will. Jhogo, Jorah the Andal, to each of Jhogo, Jorah the Andal I say, choose any horse you wish from my herds, and it is Jhogo, Jorah the Andal. Any horse save my red and the silver that was my bride gift to the moon of my life. I make my bride gift to the moon of my life to Jhogo, Jorah the Andal for what you did.  And to Rhaego son of Drogo, the stallion who will mount the world, to Khal Drogo I also pledge a gift. To Khal Drogo I will give this iron chair Khal Drogo mother's father sat in. I will give Khal Drogo Seven Kingdoms. I, Drogo, khal, will do this thing. Khal Drogo voice rose, and Khal Drogo lifted Khal Drogo fist to the sky. I will take my khalasar west to where the world ends, and ride the wooden horses across the black salt water as no khal has done before. I will kill the men in the iron suits and tear down the men in the iron suits stone houses. I will rape the men in the iron suits women, take the men in the iron suits children as slaves, and bring the men in the iron suits broken gods back to Vaes Dothrak to bow down beneath the Mother of Mountains. This I vow, I, Drogo son of Bharbo. This I swear before the Mother of Mountains, as the stars look down in witness.  my khalasar left Vaes Dothrak two days later, striking south and west across the plains. Khal Drogo led them on Khal Drogo great red stallion, with Daenerys beside Khal Drogo on Khal Drogo silver. The wineseller hurried behind them, naked, on foot, chained at throat and wrists. Khal Drogo chains were fastened to the halter of Dany's silver. As she rode, Khal Drogo ran after she, barefoot and stumbling. No harm would come to Khal Drogo… so long as Khal Drogo kept up.  