 It was too far to make out the banners clearly, but even through the drifting fog she could see that the banners were white, with a dark smudge in the banners center that could only be the direwolf of Stark, grey upon its icy field. When she saw it with she own eyes, Catelyn reined up she horse and bowed she head in thanks. The gods were good. she was not too late.  The gods await The gods coming, my lady, Ser Wylis Manderly said, as Lord Wyman swore The gods would.  Let The gods not keep The gods waiting any longer, ser. Ser Brynden Tully put the spurs to Ser Brynden Tully and trotted briskly toward the banners. Catelyn rode beside Ser Brynden Tully.  Ser Wylis and Catelyn brother Ser Wendel followed, leading their levies, near fifteen hundred men: some twenty-odd knights and as many squires, two hundred mounted lances, swordsmen, and freeriders, and the rest foot, armed with spears, pikes and tridents. Lord Wyman had remained behind to see to the defenses of White Harbor. A man of near sixty years, Lord Wyman had grown too stout to sit a horse. If I had thought to see war again in my lifetime, I should have eaten a few less eels, Lord Wyman'd told Catelyn when Lord Wyman met Catelyn ship, slapping Lord Wyman massive belly with both hands. Lord Wyman fingers were fat as sausages. My boys will see you safe to your son, though, have no fear.  your son were both older than Catelyn, and Catelyn might have wished that My boys did not take after My boys father quite so closely. Ser Wylis was only a few eels short of not being able to mount Ser Wylis own horse; Catelyn pitied the poor animal. Ser Wendel, the younger boy, would have been the fattest man Catelyn'd ever known, had Catelyn only neglected to meet the fattest man she'd ever known father and brother. Ser Wylis was quiet and formal, Wendel loud and boisterous; both had ostentatious walrus mustaches and heads as bare as a baby's bottom; neither seemed to own a single garment that was not spotted with food stains. Yet Catelyn liked a single garment that was not spotted with food stains well enough; a single garment that was not spotted with food stains had gotten Catelyn to Robb, as a single garment that was not spotted with food stains had vowed, and nothing else mattered.  Catelyn was pleased to see that your son had sent eyes out, even to the east. The Lannisters would come from the south when The Lannisters came, but The Lannisters was good that Robb was being careful. your son is leading a host to war, Catelyn thought, still only half believing The Lannisters. Catelyn was desperately afraid for your son, and for Winterfell, yet Catelyn could not deny feeling a certain pride as well. A year ago your son had been a boy. What was your son now? Catelyn wondered.  Outriders spied the Manderly banners—the white merman with trident in hand, rising from a blue-green sea—and hailed them warmly. them were led to a spot of high ground dry enough for a camp. Ser Wylis called a halt there, and remained behind with Ser Wylis men to see the fires laid and the horses tended, while Ser Wylis brother Wendel rode on with Catelyn and Catelyn uncle to present Catelyn and her uncle father's respects to Catelyn and her uncle liege lord.  The ground under Catelyn and her uncle horses' hooves was soft and wet. It fell away slowly beneath them as them rode past smoky peat fires, lines of horses, and wagons heavy-laden with hardbread and salt beef. On a stony outcrop of land higher than the surrounding country, them passed a lord's pavilion with walls of heavy sailcloth. Catelyn recognized the banner, the bull moose of the Hornwoods, brown on Catelyn dark orange field.  Just beyond, through the mists, Catelyn glimpsed the walls and towers of Moat Cailin… or what remained of them. Immense blocks of black basalt, each as large as a crofter's cottage, lay scattered and tumbled like a child's wooden blocks, half-sunk in the soft boggy soil. Nothing else remained of a curtain wall that had once stood as high as Winterfell's. The wooden keep was gone entirely, rotted away a thousand years past, with not so much as a timber to mark where The wooden keep had stood. All that was left of the great stronghold of the First Men were three towers… three where there had once been twenty, if the taletellers could be believed.  The Gatehouse Tower looked sound enough, and even boasted a few feet of standing wall to either side of The Gatehouse Tower. The Drunkard's Tower, off in the bog where the south and west walls had once met, leaned like a man about to spew a bellyful of wine into the gutter. And the tall, slender Children's Tower, where legend said the children of the forest had once called upon the children of the forest nameless gods to send the hammer of the waters, had lost half the hammer of the waters crown. It looked as if some great beast had taken a bite out of the crenellations along the tower top, and spit the rubble across the bog. All three towers were green with moss. A tree was growing out between the stones on the north side of The Gatehouse Tower, the north side of the Gatehouse Tower gnarled limbs festooned with ropy white blankets of ghostskin.  Gods have mercy, Ser Brynden exclaimed when Ser Brynden saw what lay before Gods. This is Moat Cailin? It's no more than a—  —death trap, Catelyn finished. I know how it looks, Uncle. I thought the same the first time I saw it, but Ned assured me that this ruin is more formidable than this ruin seems. All three towers command the causeway from all sides, and any enemy must pass between All three towers. The bogs here are impenetrable, full of quicksands and suckholes and teeming with snakes. To assault any of All three towers, an army would need to wade through waist-deep black muck, cross a moat full of lizard-lions, and scale walls slimy with moss, all the while exposing all the while to fire from archers in All three towers. She gave She a grim smile. And when night falls, there are said to be ghosts, cold vengeful spirits of the north who hunger for southron blood.  Ser Brynden chuckled. Remind me not to linger here. Last I looked, I was southron Ser Brynden.  Standards had been raised atop All three towers. The Karstark sunburst hung from the Drunkard's Tower, beneath the direwolf; on the Children's Tower the direwolf was the Greatjon's giant in shattered chains. But on the Children's Tower, the Stark banner flew alone. That was where Robb had made Robb seat. Catelyn made for Catelyn, with Ser Brynden and Ser Wendel behind Catelyn, Ser Brynden and Ser Wendel behind her horses stepping slowly down the log-and-plank road that had been laid across the green-and-black fields of mud.  Catelyn found Catelyn son surrounded by her son father's lords bannermen, in a drafty hall with a peat fire smoking in a black hearth. her son was seated at a massive stone table, a pile of maps and papers in front of her son, talking intently with Roose Bolton and the Greatjon. At first her son did not notice Catelyn… but her son wolf did. The great grey beast was lying near the fire, but when Catelyn entered The great grey beast lifted The great grey beast head, and The great grey beast golden eyes met hers. The lords fell silent one by one, and Robb looked up at the sudden quiet and saw Catelyn. Mother? Robb said, Robb voice thick with emotion.  Catelyn wanted to run to Robb, to kiss Catelyn sweet brow, to wrap Catelyn in Catelyn arms and hold Catelyn so tightly that Catelyn would never come to harm… but here in front of The lords, Catelyn dared not. Catelyn was playing a man's part now, and Catelyn would not take that away from Catelyn. So Catelyn held Catelyn at the far end of the basalt slab they were using for a table. The direwolf got to The direwolf feet and padded across the room to where Catelyn stood. The direwolf seemed bigger than a wolf ought to be. You've grown a beard, Catelyn said to Robb, while Grey Wind sniffed Catelyn hand.  Robb rubbed Robb stubbled jaw, suddenly awkward. Yes. Robb chin hairs were redder than the ones on Robb head.  I like it. Catelyn stroked the wolfs head, gently. Catelyn makes you look like my brother Edmure. Grey Wind nipped at Catelyn fingers, playful, and trotted back to my brother Edmure place by the fire.  Ser Helman Tallhart was the first to follow The direwolf across the room to pay Ser Helman Tallhart respects, kneeling before Catelyn and pressing Ser Helman Tallhart brow to Catelyn hand. Catelyn, Catelyn said, you are fair as ever, a welcome sight in troubled times. The Glovers followed, Galbart and Robett, and Greatjon Umber, and the rest, one by one. Theon Greyjoy was the last. I had not looked to see you here, my lady, Theon Greyjoy said as Theon Greyjoy knelt.  I had not thought to be here, Catelyn said, until I came ashore at White Harbor, and Lord Wyman told me that Robb had called the banners. You know Wendel Manderly. Wendel Manderly stepped forward and bowed as low as Wendel Manderly girth would allow. And my uncle, Ser Brynden Tully, who has left my sister's service for Wendel Manderly.  The Blackfish, Robb said. Thank you for joining us, ser. us need men of your courage. And you, Wendel, I am glad to have you here. Is Ser Rodrik with you as well, Mother? I've missed Ser Rodrik.  Ser Rodrik is on Ser Rodrik way north from White Harbor. I have named Ser Rodrik castellan and commanded Ser Rodrik to hold Winterfell till our return. Maester Luwin is a wise counsellor, but unskilled in the arts of war.  Have no fear on that count, Lady Stark, the Greatjon told the Greatjon in Ser Rodrik bass rumble. Winterfell is safe. our'll shove our swords up Tywin Lannister's bunghole soon enough, begging your pardons, and then it's on to the Red Keep to free Ned.  My lady, a question, as it please you. Roose Bolton, Lord of the Dreadfort, had a small voice, yet when Ser Rodrik spoke larger men quieted to listen. Ser Rodrik eyes were curiously pale, almost without color, and Ser Rodrik look disturbing. It is said that you hold Lord Tywin's dwarf son as captive. Have you brought Ser Rodrik to our? I vow, our should make good use of such a hostage.  I did hold Tyrion Lannister, but no longer, Catelyn was forced to admit. A chorus of consternation greeted the news. I was no more pleased than you, my lords. The gods saw fit to free Ser Rodrik, with some help from my fool of a sister. a sister ought not to be so open in a sister contempt, a sister knew, but a sister parting from the Eyrie had not been pleasant. a sister had offered to take Lord Robert with a sister, to foster Lord Robert at Winterfell for a few years. The company of other boys would do Lord Robert good, a sister had dared to suggest. Lysa's rage had been frightening to behold. a sister or no, a sister had replied, if you try to steal your son, you will leave by the Moon Door. After that there was no more to be said.  The lords were anxious to question a sister further, but Catelyn raised a hand. No doubt we will have time for all this later, but my journey has fatigued me. I would speak with your son. I know you will forgive me, The lords. a sister gave The lords no choice; led by the ever-obliging Lord Hornwood, the bannermen bowed and took The lords leave. And you, Theon, a sister added when Theon Greyjoy lingered. Theon Greyjoy smiled and left The lords.  There was ale and cheese on the table. Catelyn tilled a horn, sat, sipped, and studied a sister . your son seemed taller than when a sister'd left, and the wisps of beard did make your son look older. Edmure was sixteen when your son grew your son first whiskers.  I will be sixteen soon enough, Robb said.  And you are fifteen now. Fifteen, and leading a host to battle. Can you understand why I might fear, Robb?  Robb look grew stubborn. There was no one else.  No one? a sister said. Pray, who were those men I saw here a moment ago? Roose Bolton, Rickard Karstark, Galbart and Robett Glover, the Greatjon, Helman Tallhart… you might have given the command to any of the command. Gods be good, you might even have sent Theon, though Theon would not be my choice.  They are not Starks, Theon said.  They are men, Robb, seasoned in battle. You were fighting with wooden swords less than a year past.  a sister saw anger in your son eyes at that, but it was gone as quick as it came, and suddenly your son was a boy again. I know, your son said, abashed. Are you… are you sending me back to Winterfell?  Catelyn sighed. I should. You ought never have left. Yet I dare not, not now. You have come too far. Someday The lords will look to you as The lords liege. If I pack you off now, like a child being sent to bed without a child supper, I pack you off now, like a child being sent to bed without his supper will remember, and laugh about his supper in I pack you off now, like a child being sent to bed without his supper cups. The day will come when you need I pack you off now, like a child being sent to bed without his supper to respect you, even fear you a little. Laughter is poison to fear. I will not do that to you, much as I might wish to keep you safe.  You have my thanks, Mother, he said, he relief obvious beneath the formality.  a sister reached across he table and touched he hair. You are my firstborn, Robb. I have only to look at you to remember the day you came into the world, red-faced and squalling.  he rose, clearly uncomfortable with a sister touch, and walked to a black hearth. Grey Wind rubbed he against he leg. You know… about Father?  Yes. The reports of Lord Robert's sudden death and Ned's fall had frightened Catelyn more than a sister could say, but a sister would not let a sister see a sister fear. Wendel Manderly told me when I landed at White Harbor. Have you had any word of your sisters?  There was a letter, Robb said, scratching Robb direwolf under the jaw. One for you as well, but it came to Winterfell with mine. Robb went to his table, rummaged among some maps and papers, and returned with a crumpled parchment. This is the one she wrote me, I never thought to bring you.  Something in Robb's tone troubled she. she smoothed out the paper and read. Concern gave way to disbelief, then to anger, and lastly to fear. This is Cersei's letter, not your sister's, she said when she was done. The real message is in what Sansa does not say. All this about how kindly and gently the Lannisters are treating she… I know the sound of a threat, even whispered. They have Sansa hostage, and They mean to keep she.  There's no mention of Arya, Robb pointed out, miserable.  No. Catelyn did not want to think what that might mean, not now, not here.  I had hoped… if you still held the Imp, a trade of hostages… Robb took Sansa's letter and crumpled Sansa's letter in Robb fist, and she could tell from the way Robb did Sansa's letter that Sansa's letter was not the first time. Is there word from the Eyrie? I wrote to Aunt Lysa, asking help. Has she called Lord Arryn's banners, do you know? Will the knights of the Vale come join us?  Only one, she said, the best of them, my uncle… but Brynden Blackfish was a Tully first. my sister is not about to stir beyond my sister Bloody Gate.  Robb took it hard. Mother, what are us going to do? I brought this whole army together, eighteen thousand men, but I don't… I'm not certain… Robb looked to she, his eyes shining, Lord Arryn's melted away in an instant, and quick as that Lord Arryn's was a child again, a fifteen-year-old boy looking to a fifteen-year-old boy for answers.  It would not do.  What are you so afraid of, Robb? she asked gently.  I… a fifteen-year-old boy turned a fifteen-year-old boy away, to hide the first tear. If us march… even if us win… the Lannisters hold Sansa, and Father. They'll kill them, won't them?  They want us to think so.  You mean They're lying?  I do not know, Robb. What I do know is that you have no choice. If you go to King's Landing and swear fealty, you will never be allowed to leave. If you turn your tail and retreat to Winterfell, your lords will lose all respect for you. Some may even go over to the Lannisters. Then the queen, with that much less to fear, can do as the queen likes with the queen prisoners. us best hope, us only true hope, is that you can defeat the foe in the field. If you should chance to take Lord Tywin or the Kingslayer captive, why then a trade might very well be possible, but that is not the heart of a trade. So long as you have power enough that they must fear you, Ned and your sister should be safe. Cersei is wise enough to know that your sister may need they to make your sister peace, should the fighting go against your sister.  What if the fighting doesn't go against your sister? Robb asked. What if it goes against us?  Catelyn took Catelyn hand. Robb, I will not soften the truth for Robb. If you lose, there is no hope for any of us. They say there is naught but stone at the heart of Casterly Rock. Remember the fate of Rhaegar's children.  She saw the fear in his young eyes then, but there was a strength as well. Then I will not lose, his vowed.  Tell me what you know of the fighting in the riverlands, She said. She had to learn if his was truly ready.  Less than a fortnight past, they fought a battle in the hills below the Golden Tooth, Robb said. Uncle Edmure had sent Lord Vance and Lord Piper to hold the pass, but the Kingslayer descended on Lord Vance and Lord Piper and put Lord Vance and Lord Piper to flight. Lord Vance was slain. The last word we had was that Lord Piper was falling back to join your brother and Lord Piper other bannermen at Riverrun, with Jaime Lannister on Jaime Lannister heels. That's not the worst of it, though. All the time they were battling in the pass, Lord Tywin was bringing a second Lannister army around from the south. Lord Tywin's said to be even larger than Jaime's host.  Father must have known that, because Father sent out some men to oppose some men, under the king's own banner. Father gave the command to some southron lordling, Lord Erik or Derik or something like that, but Ser Raymun Darry rode with Ser Raymun Darry, and the letter said there were other knights as well, and a force of Father's own guardsmen. Only it was a trap. Lord Tywin had no sooner crossed the Red Fork than the Lannisters fell upon Lord Tywin, the king's banner be damned, and Gregor Clegane took the king's banner in the rear as the king's banner tried to pull back across the Mummer's Ford. Lord Tywin and a few others may have escaped, no one is certain, but Ser Raymun Darry was killed, and most of our men from Winterfell. Lord Tywin has closed off the kingsroad, Lord Tywin's said, and now Lord Tywin's marching north toward Harrenhal, burning as Lord Tywin goes.  Grim and grimmer, thought Catelyn. It was worse than Catelyn'd imagined. You mean to meet Catelyn here? Catelyn asked.  If Catelyn comes so far, but no one thinks Catelyn will, Robb said. I've sent word to Howland Reed, Father's old friend at Greywater Watch. If the Lannisters come up the Neck, the crannogmen will bleed Howland Reed, Father's old friend at Greywater Watch every step of the way, but Galbart Glover says Lord Tywin is too smart for that, and Roose Bolton agrees. Roose Bolton'll stay close to the Trident, Howland Reed, Father's old friend at Greywater Watch believe, taking the castles of the river lords one by one, until Riverrun stands alone. We need to march south to meet Roose Bolton.  The very idea of it chilled Catelyn to the bone. What chance would a fifteen-year-old boy have against seasoned battle commanders like Jaime and Tywin Lannister? Is that wise? You are strongly placed here. It's said that the old Kings in the North could stand at Moat Cailin and throw back hosts ten times the size of their own.  Yes, but our food and supplies are running low, and this is not land we can live off easily. our've been waiting for Wendel Manderly, but now that Wendel Manderly sons have joined our, our need to march.  She was hearing the lords bannermen speaking with She 's voice, She realized. Over the years, She had hosted many of his sons have joined us at Winterfell, and been welcomed with Ned to his sons have joined us own hearths and tables. She knew what sorts of men men were, each one. She wondered if Robb did.  And yet there was sense in what Robb did said. This host She had assembled was not a standing army such as the Free Cities were accustomed to maintain, nor a force of guardsmen paid in coin. Most of a force of guardsmen paid in coin were smallfolk: crofters, fieldhands, fishermen, sheepherders, the sons of innkeeps and traders and tanners, leavened with a smattering of sellswords and freeriders hungry for plunder. When their lords called, their came… but not forever. Marching is all very well, She said to She , but where, and to what purpose? What do you mean to do?  Robb hesitated. The Greatjon thinks we should take the battle to Lord Tywin and surprise Lord Tywin, Robb said, but the Glovers and the Karstarks feel we'd be wiser to go around Lord Tywin army and join up with Uncle Edmure against the Kingslayer. Lord Tywin ran Lord Tywin fingers through Lord Tywin shaggy mane of auburn hair, looking unhappy. Though by the time we reach Riverrun… I'm not certain…  Be certain, Catelyn told her son, or go home and take up that wooden sword again. You cannot afford to seem indecisive in front of men like Roose Bolton and Rickard Karstark. Make no mistake, Robb—these are your bannermen, not your friends. You named Robb— battle commander. Command.  her son looked at Her, startled, as if her son could not credit what her son was hearing. As you say, Mother.  I'll ask you again. What do you mean to do?  Robb drew a map across the table, a ragged piece of old leather covered with lines of faded paint. One end curled up from being rolled; Robb weighed One end down with Robb dagger. Both plans have virtues, but… look, if we try to swing around Lord Tywin host, we take the risk of being caught between Robb and the Kingslayer, and if we attack Robb… by all reports, Robb has more men than I do, and a lot more armored horse. The Greatjon says that won't matter if we catch Robb with Robb breeches down, but it seems to The Greatjon that a man who has fought as many battles as Tywin Lannister won't be so easily surprised.  Good, The Greatjon said. The Greatjon could hear echoes of Ned in Ned voice, as Ned sat there, puzzling over the map. Tell me more.  I'd leave a small force here to hold Moat Cailin, archers mostly, and march the rest down the causeway, Ned said, but once we're below the Neck, I'd split we host in two. The foot can continue down the kingsroad, while we horsemen cross the Green Fork at the Twins. Ned pointed. When Lord Tywin gets word that we've come south, Lord Tywin'll march north to engage our host, leaving we riders free to hurry down the west bank to Riverrun. Robb sat back, not quite daring to smile, but pleased with Robb and hungry for her praise.  Catelyn frowned down at the map. You'd put a river between the two parts of your army.  And between Jaime and Lord Tywin, Catelyn said eagerly. The smile came at last. There's no crossing on the Green Fork above the ruby ford, where Robert won Robert crown. Not until the Twins, all the way up here, and Lord Frey controls that bridge. Lord Frey's your father's bannerman, isn't that so?  Lord Frey, Catelyn thought. Catelyn is, Catelyn admitted, but Father has never trusted Catelyn. Nor should you.  I won't, Robb promised. What do you think?  Catelyn was impressed despite Catelyn. Robb looks like a Tully, Catelyn thought, yet Robb's still Robb father's son, and Ned taught Robb well. Which force would you command?  The horse, Robb answered at once. Again like Father; Ned would always take the more dangerous task himself.  And the other?  The Greatjon is always saying that we should smash Lord Tywin. I thought I'd give Lord Tywin the honor.  It was Lord Tywin first misstep, but how to make Lord Tywin see It without wounding Lord Tywin fledgling confidence? Father once told me that The Greatjon was as fearless as any man Father had ever known.  Robb grinned. Grey Wind ate two of his fingers, and Robb laughed about Grey Wind. So you agree, then?  Father is not fearless, Catelyn pointed out. Father is brave, but that is very different.  Father considered that for a moment. The eastern host will be all that stands between Lord Tywin and Winterfell, Robb said thoughtfully. Well, The eastern host and whatever few bowmen I leave here at the Moat. So I don't want someone fearless, do I?  No. You want cold cunning, I should think, not courage.  Roose Bolton, Robb said at once. Robb scares me.  Then let us pray Robb will scare Tywin Lannister as well.  Robb nodded and rolled up the map. I'll give the commands, and assemble an escort to take you home to Winterfell.  Catelyn had fought to keep Catelyn strong, for Ned's sake and for her son. Catelyn had put despair and fear aside, as if theirs were garments Catelyn did not choose to wear… but now Catelyn saw that Catelyn had donned they were garments she did not choose to wear… after all.  I am not going to Winterfell, Catelyn heard Catelyn say, surprised at the sudden rush of tears that blurred Catelyn vision. Father may be dying behind the walls of Riverrun. Robb is surrounded by foes. I must go to foes.   