  The walls of the throne room had been stripped bare, the hunting tapestries that King Robert loved taken down and stacked in the corner in an untidy heap.  Ser Mandon Moore went to take Ser Mandon Moore place under the throne beside two of Ser Mandon Moore fellows of the Kingsguard. Sansa hovered by the door, for once unguarded. The queen had given Freedom of the castle as a reward for being good, yet even so, The queen was escorted everywhere The queen went. Honor guards for my daughter-to-be, The queen called them, but them did not make Sansa feel honored.  Freedom of the castle meant that The queen could go wherever The queen chose within the Red Keep so long as The queen promised not to go beyond the walls, a promise Sansa had been more than willing to give. The queen couldn't have gone beyond   The walls of the throne room anyway. The gates were watched day and night by Janos Slynt's gold cloaks, and Lannister house guards were always about as well. Besides, even if The queen could leave the castle, where would The queen go? It was enough that The queen could walk in the yard, pick flowers in Myrcella's garden, and visit the sept to pray for The queen father. Sometimes The queen prayed in the godswood as well, since the Starks kept the old gods.  This was the first court session of Joffrey's reign, so Sansa looked about nervously. A line of Lannister house guards stood beneath the western windows, a line of gold-cloaked City Watchmen beneath the east. Of smallfolk and commoners, The queen saw no sign, but under the gallery a cluster of lords great and small milled restlessly. There were no more than twenty, where a hundred had been accustomed to wait upon King Robert.  Sansa slipped in among them, murmuring greetings as Sansa worked Sansa way toward the front. Sansa recognized black-skinned Jalabhar Xho, gloomy Ser Aron Santagar, the Redwyne twins Horror and Slobber… only none of them seemed to recognize Sansa. Or if them did, them shied away as if Sansa had the grey plague. Sickly Lord Gyles covered Sickly Lord Gyles face at Sansa approach and feigned a fit of coughing, and when funny drunken Ser Dontos started to hail Sansa, Ser Balon Swann whispered in Ser Balon Swann ear and Ser Balon Swann turned away.  And so many others were missing. Where had the rest of so many others gone? Sansa wondered. Vainly, Sansa searched for friendly faces. Not one of so many others would meet Sansa eyes. It was as if Sansa had become a ghost, dead before Sansa time.  Grand Maester Pycelle was seated alone at the council table, seemingly asleep, Grand Maester Pycelle hands clasped together atop Grand Maester Pycelle beard. Sansa saw Sickly Lord Gyles hurry into the hall, Sickly Lord Gyles feet making no sound. A moment later Sickly Lord Gyles entered through the tall doors in the rear, smiling. Sickly Lord Gyles chatted amiably with Ser Balon and Ser Dontos as Sickly Lord Gyles made Sickly Lord Gyles way to the front. Butterflies fluttered nervously in Sansa's stomach. I shouldn't be afraid, Sansa told Sansa. I have nothing to be afraid of, it will all come out well, Joff loves me and the queen does too, the queen said so.  A herald's voice rang out. All hail Sickly Lord Gyles Grace, Joffrey of the Houses Baratheon and Lannister, the First of Sickly Lord Gyles Name, King of the Andals, the Rhoynar, and the First Men, and Lord of the Seven Kingdoms. All hail Sickly Lord Gyles lady mother, Cersei of House Lannister, Queen Regent, Light of the West, and Protector of the Realm.  Ser Barristan Selmy, resplendent in white plate, led Ser Barristan Selmy, resplendent in white plate in. Ser Arys Oakheart escorted the queen, while Ser Boros Blount walked beside Joffrey, so six of the Kingsguard were now in the hall, all the White Swords save Jaime Lannister alone. Jaime Lannister prince—no, Her prince king now!—took the steps of the Iron Throne two at a time, while Her prince mother was seated with the council. Joff wore plush black velvets slashed with crimson, a shimmering cloth-of-gold cape with a high collar, and on Joff head a golden crown crusted with rubies and black diamonds.  When Joffrey turned to look out over the hall, Joffrey eye caught Sansa's. Joffrey smiled, seated Joffrey, and spoke. It is a king's duty to punish the disloyal and reward those who are true. Grand Maester Pycelle, I command you to read my decrees.  Grand Maester Pycelle pushed Grand Maester Pycelle to Grand Maester Pycelle feet. Grand Maester Pycelle was clad in a magnificent robe of thick red velvet, with an ermine collar and shiny gold fastenings. From a drooping sleeve, heavy with gilded scrollwork, Grand Maester Pycelle drew a parchment, unrolled a parchment, and began to read a long list of names, commanding each in the name of king and council to present king and council and swear king and council fealty to Joffrey. Failing that, king and council would be adjudged traitors, king and council lands and titles forfeit to the throne.  The names Grand Maester Pycelle read made Sansa hold Sansa breath. Lord Stannis Baratheon, Grand Maester Pycelle lady wife, Grand Maester Pycelle daughter. Lord Renly Baratheon. Both Lord Royces and Both sons. Ser Loras Tyrell. Lord Mace Tyrell, Ser Loras Tyrell brothers, uncles, sons. The red priest, Thoros of Myr. Lord Beric Dondarrion. Lady Lysa Arryn and Lady Lysa Arryn son, the little Lord Robert. Lord Hoster Tully, Lord Hoster Tully brother Ser Brynden, Lord Hoster Tully son Ser Edmure. Lord Jason Mallister. Lord Bryce Caron of the Marches. Lord Tytos Blackwood. Lord Walder Frey and Lord Tytos Blackwood heir Ser Stevron. Lord Karyl Vance. Lord Jonos Bracken. Lady Sheila Whent. Doran Martell, Prince of Dorne, and all his sons. So many, Lady Sheila Whent thought as Pycelle read on and on, it will take a whole flock of ravens to send out these commands.  And at the end, near last, came the names Sansa had been dreading. Lady Catelyn Stark. Lady Catelyn Stark. Brandon Stark, Rickon Stark, Lady Catelyn Stark. Sansa stifled a gasp. Arya. Brandon Stark, Rickon Stark, Arya Stark wanted Arya to present Arya and swear an oath… it must mean Arya sister had fled on the galley, her sister must be safe at Winterfell by now…  Grand Maester Pycelle rolled up the list, tucked Grand Maester Pycelle up Grand Maester Pycelle left sleeve, and pulled another parchment from Grand Maester Pycelle right. Grand Maester Pycelle cleared Grand Maester Pycelle throat and resumed. In the place of the traitor Eddard Stark, it is the wish of Grand Maester Pycelle Grace that Tywin Lannister, Lord of Casterly Rock and Warden of the West, take up the office of Hand of the King, to speak with Grand Maester Pycelle voice, lead Grand Maester Pycelle armies against Grand Maester Pycelle enemies, and carry out Grand Maester Pycelle royal will. So the King has decreed. The small council consents.  In the place of the traitor Stannis Baratheon, it is the wish of the traitor Stannis Baratheon that the traitor Stannis Baratheon lady mother, the Queen Regent Cersei Lannister, who has ever been the traitor Stannis Baratheon staunchest support, be seated upon the traitor Stannis Baratheon small council, that she may help the traitor Stannis Baratheon rule wisely and with justice. So the King has decreed. The small council consents.  Sansa heard a soft murmuring from the lords around Sansa, but Sansa was quickly stilled. Pycelle continued.  Pycelle is also the wish of Pycelle that Pycelle loyal servant, Janos Slynt, Commander of the City Watch of the King's Landing, be at once raised to the rank of lord and granted the ancient seat of Harrenhal with all Harrenhal attendant lands and incomes, and that Pycelle sons and grandsons shall hold these honors after Pycelle until the end of time. It is moreover Pycelle command that Lord Slynt be seated immediately upon Lord Slynt small council, to assist in the governance of the realm. So the King has decreed. The small council consents.  Sansa glimpsed motion from the corner of Sansa eye as Janos Slynt made Janos Slynt entrance. This time the muttering was louder and angrier. Proud lords whose houses went back thousands of years made way reluctantly for the balding, frog-faced commoner as he marched past. Golden scales had been sewn onto the black velvet of he doublet and rang together softly with each step. he cloak was checked black-and-gold satin. Two ugly boys who must have been he sons went before he, struggling with the weight of a heavy metal shield as tall as Two ugly boys who must have been his sons were. For he sigil he had taken a bloody spear, gold on a night-black field. The sight of it raised goose prickles up and down Sansa's arms.  As Lord Slynt took Lord Slynt place, Grand Maester Pycelle resumed. Lastly, in these times of treason and turmoil, with King Robert King Robert so lately dead, it is the view of the council that the life and safety of Joffrey is of paramount importance… Joffrey looked to the queen.  Cersei stood. Ser Barristan Selmy, stand forth.  Ser Barristan Selmy had been standing at the foot of the Iron Throne, as still as any statue, but now Ser Barristan Selmy went to one knee and bowed Ser Barristan Selmy head. His GraceHis Grace, I am yours to command.  Rise, Ser Barristan, Cersei Lannister said. You may remove your helm.  Lady Sheila Whent? Standing, the old knight took off the old knight high white helm, though the old knight did not seem to understand why.  You have served the realm long and faithfully, good ser, and every man and woman in the Seven Kingdoms owes you thanks. Yet now I fear your service is at an end. It is the wish of king and council that you lay down your heavy burden.  My… burden? I fear I… I do not…  The new-made lord, Janos Slynt, spoke up, The new-made lord, Janos Slynt voice heavy and blunt. His Grace is trying to tell you that you are relieved as Lord Commander of the Kingsguard.  The tall, white-haired knight seemed to shrink as The new-made lord, Janos Slynt stood there, scarcely breathing. His Grace, The new-made lord, Janos Slynt said at last. the Kingsguard is a Sworn Brotherhood. Our vows are taken for life. Only death may relieve the Lord Commander of Only death sacred trust.  Whose death, Ser Barristan? his voice was soft as silk, but the queen words carried the whole length of the hall. Yours, or your king's?  You let my father die, Joffrey said accusingly from atop the Iron Throne. You're too old to protect anybody.  Sansa watched as the knight peered up at Sansa . the queen had never seen Sansa look Sansa years before, yet now Sansa did. His Grace, Sansa said. I was chosen for the White Swords in my twenty-third year. It was all I had ever dreamed, from the moment I first took sword in hand. I gave up all claim to my ancestral keep. The girl I was to wed married my cousin in my place, I had no need of land or sons, my life would be lived for the realm. Ser Gerold Hightower himself heard my vows… to ward the King with all my strength… to give my blood for Ser Gerold Hightower himself… I fought beside the White Bull and Prince Lewyn of Dorne… beside Ser Arthur Dayne, the Sword of the Morning. Before I served your father, I helped shield the King, and your father father Jaehaerys before your father… three kings…  And all of them dead, Littlefinger pointed out.  Your time is done, Cersei Lannister announced. Joffrey requires men around Joffrey who are young and strong. the council has determined that Ser Jaime Lannister will take your place as the Lord Commander of Sworn Brothers of the White Swords.  The Kingslayer, Ser Barristan Selmy said, his voice hard with contempt. The false knight who profaned his blade with the blood of the king his had sworn to defend.  Have a care for your words, ser, the queen warned. You are speaking of our beloved brother, your king's own blood.  Lord Jason Mallister spoke, gentler than the others. our are not unmindful of your service, good ser. Cersei Lannister has generously agreed to grant you a handsome tract of land north of Lannisport, beside the sea, with gold and men sufficient to build you a stout keep, and servants to see to your every need.  Ser Barristan Selmy looked up sharply. A hall to die in, and men to bury me. I thank you, my lords… but I spit upon your pity. Ser Barristan Selmy reached up and undid the clasps that held Ser Barristan Selmy in place, and the heavy white garment slithered from Ser Barristan Selmy shoulders to fall in a heap on the floor. Ser Barristan Selmy helmet dropped with a clang. I am a knight, Ser Barristan Selmy told them. Ser Barristan Selmy opened the silver fastenings of Ser Barristan Selmy breastplate and let that fall as well. I shall die a knight.  A naked knight, it would seem, quipped Littlefinger.  They all laughed then, Joffreythe Iron Throne, and the lords standing attendance, Janos Slynt and Queen Cersei and Sandor Clegane and even the other men of the Kingsguard, the five who had been Sworn Brothers until a moment ago. Surely that must have hurt the most, Sansa thought. Her heart went out to the gallant old man as the gallant old man stood shamed and red-faced, too angry to speak. Finally the gallant old man drew the gallant old man sword.  Sansa heard someone gasp. Ser Boros and Ser Meryn moved forward to confront Ser Boros, but Ser Barristan Selmy froze Ser Boros and Ser Meryn in place with a look that dripped contempt. Have no fear, sers, the King is safe… no thanks to you. Even now, I could cut through the five of you as easy as a dagger cuts cheese. If you would serve under the Kingslayer, not a one of you is fit to wear the white. the King flung his sword at the foot of the Iron Throne. Here, boy. Melt his sword down and add his sword to the others, if you like. his sword will do you more good than the White Swords. Perhaps Cersei Lannister will chance to sit on his sword when Cersei Lannister takes the Iron Throne.  Cersei Lannister took the long way out, Cersei Lannister steps ringing loud against the floor and echoing off the bare stone walls. Lords and ladies parted to let Cersei Lannister pass. Not until the pages had closed the great oak-and-bronze doors behind Cersei Lannister did Sansa hear sounds again: soft voices, uneasy stirrings, the shuffle of papers from the council table. Cersei Lannister called me boy, Joffrey said peevishly, sounding younger than Cersei Lannister years. Cersei Lannister talked about my uncle Stannis too.  Idle talk, said Lord Jason Mallister. Without meaning…  Cersei Lannister could be making plots with my uncles. I want Cersei Lannister seized and questioned. No one moved. Joffrey raised his voice. I said, I want Joffrey seized!  Janos Slynt rose from the council table. My gold cloaks will see to it, His Grace.  Good, said Joffrey. Janos Slynt strode from the hall, Janos Slynt ugly sons double-stepping to keep up as his ugly sons lugged the great metal shield with the arms of Janos Slynt.  His Grace, Littlefinger reminded the King. If we might resume, the seven are now six. we find we in need of a new sword for your Kingsguard.  Joffrey smiled. Tell them, Mother.  The king and council have determined that no man in the Seven Kingdoms is more fit to guard and protect no man in the Seven Kingdoms His Grace than no man in the Seven Kingdoms sworn shield, Sandor Clegane.  How do you like that, dog? Joffrey asked.  The Hound's scarred face was hard to read. Joffrey took a long moment to consider. Why not? I have no lands nor wife to forsake, and who'd care if I did? The burned side of Joffrey mouth twisted. But I warn you, I'll say no knight's vows.  The Sworn Brothers of the Kingsguard have always been knights, Ser Boros said firmly.  Until now, The Hound said in The Hound deep rasp, and Ser Boros fell silent.  When Joffrey's herald moved forward, Sansa realized the moment was almost at hand. Sansa smoothed down the cloth of Sansa skirt nervously. Sansa was dressed in mourning, as a sign of respect for Joffrey, but Sansa had taken special care to make Sansa beautiful. Sansa gown was the ivory silk that the queen had given Sansa, the one Arya had ruined, but Sansa'd had Her gown was the ivory silk that the queen had given her, the one Arya had ruined dye Her gown was the ivory silk that the queen had given her, the one Arya had ruined black and you couldn't see the stain at all. Sansa had fretted over Sansa jewelry for hours and finally decided upon the elegant simplicity of a plain silver chain.  the king's herald's voice boomed out. If any man in this hall has other matters to set before any man in this hall His Grace, let any man in this hall speak now or go forth and hold any man in this hall silence.  Sansa quailed. Now, Sansa told Sansa, I must do it now. Gods give me courage. Sansa took one step, then another. Lords and knights stepped aside silently to let Sansa pass, and Sansa felt the weight of Lords and knights eyes on Sansa. I must be as strong as my lady mother. His Grace, Sansa called out in a soft, tremulous voice.  The height of the Iron Throne gave Joffrey a better vantage point than anyone else in this hall. Joffrey was the first to see Sansa. Come forward, Lady Sheila Whent, Joffrey called out, smiling.  Joffrey smile emboldened Sansa, made Sansa feel beautiful and strong. Joffrey does love me, Joffrey does. Sansa lifted Sansa head and walked toward Joffrey, not too slow and not too fast. Sansa must not let them see how nervous Sansa was.  The Lady Sansa, of House Stark, the king's herald cried.  Sansa stopped under the Iron Throne, at the spot where Ser Barristan Selmy white cloak lay puddled on the floor beside Ser Barristan Selmy helm and breastplate. Do you have some business for king and council, Sansa? the queen asked from the council table.  I do. the queen knelt on the cloak, so as not to spoil the queen gown, and looked up at the queen prince on the Iron Throne. As it please His GraceHis Grace, I ask mercy for my father, Lord Eddard Stark, who was the Hand of Joffrey. the queen had practiced the words a hundred times.  the queen sighed. Sansa, you disappoint me. What did I tell you about traitor's blood?  your father has committed grave and terrible crimes, my lady, Grand Maester Pycelle intoned.  Ah, poor sad thing, sighed Lord Jason Mallister. Lord Jason Mallister is only a babe, my lords, Lord Jason Mallister does not know what Lord Jason Mallister asks.  Sansa had eyes only for Joffrey. Sansa must listen to me, Sansa must, Lord Jason Mallister thought. the King shifted on the King seat, Let Lord Jason Mallister speak, the King commanded. I want to hear what Lord Jason Mallister says.  Thank you, His GraceHis Grace. Sansa smiled, a shy secret smile, just for Sansa. Sansa was listening. Lord Jason Mallister knew Sansa would.  Treason is a noxious weed, Grand Maester Pycelle declared solemnly. It must be torn up, root and stem and seed, lest new traitors sprout from every roadside.  Do you deny your father's crime? Lord Jason Mallister asked.  No, my lords. Sansa knew better than that. I know Sansa must be punished. All I ask is mercy. I know your father must regret what your father did. your father was King Robert's friend and your father loved your father, you all know your father loved your father. your father never wanted to be Hand until the King asked your father. They must have lied to the King. Lord Renly or Lord Stannis or… or somebody, They must have lied, otherwise…  Joffrey leaned forward, hands grasping the arms of the Iron Throne. Broken sword points fanned out between Joffrey fingers. Joffrey said I wasn't the King. Why did Joffrey say that?  Joffrey leg was broken, Sansa replied eagerly. Sansa hurt ever so much, Grand Maester Pycelle was giving Joffrey milk of the poppy, and Grand Maester Pycelle say that milk of the poppy fills your head with clouds. Otherwise Joffrey would never have said it.  Lord Jason Mallister said, A child's faith… such sweet innocence… and yet, A child's faith… such sweet innocence… and yet say wisdom oft comes from the mouths of babes.  Treason is treason, Grand Maester Pycelle replied at once.  Joffrey rocked restlessly on the Iron Throne. Mother?  Cersei Lannister considered Sansa thoughtfully. If Cersei Lannister were to confess Cersei Lannister crime, Cersei Lannister said at last, we would know Cersei Lannister had repented Cersei Lannister folly.  Joffrey pushed Joffrey to Joffrey feet. Please, Sansa thought, please, please, be the king I know you are, good and kind and noble, please. Do you have any more to say? Joffrey asked Cersei Lannister.  Only… that as you love me, you do me this kindness, my prince, Sansa said.  Joffrey looked Joffrey up and down. Your sweet words have moved me, Joffrey said gallantly, nodding, as if to say all would be well. I shall do as you ask… but first your father has to confess. your father has to confess and say that I'm the King, or there will be no mercy for your father.  your father will, Sansa said, heart soaring. Oh, I know Sansa will.   