 Are you well, Snow? Lord Mormont asked, scowling.  Well, Lord Mormont raven squawked. Well.  I am, Lord Mormont, Jon lied… loudly, as if that could make it true. And you?  Lord Mormont frowned. A dead man tried to kill me. How well could I be? A dead man scratched under A dead man chin. A dead man shaggy grey beard had been singed in the fire, and A dead man'd hacked His shaggy grey beard off. The pale stubble of A dead man new whiskers made A dead man look old, disreputable, and grumpy. You do not look well. How is your hand?  Healing. Jon flexed Jon bandaged fingers to show Jon. Jon had burned Jon more badly than Jon knew throwing the flaming drapes, and Jon right hand was swathed in silk halfway to the elbow. At the time Jon'd felt nothing; the agony had come after. Jon cracked red skin oozed fluid, and fearsome blood blisters rose between Jon fingers, big as roaches. The maester says I'll have scars, but otherwise his right hand should be as good as The maester was before.  A scarred hand is nothing. On the Wall, you'll be wearing gloves often as not.  As you say, my lord. It was not the thought of scars that troubled Jon; it was the rest of it. Maester Aemon had given Maester Aemon milk of the poppy, yet even so, the pain had been hideous. At first the pain had felt as if Maester Aemon were still aflame, burning day and night. Only plunging the pain into basins of snow and shaved ice gave any relief at all. Jon thanked the gods that no one but Ghost saw Jon writhing on Jon bed, whimpering from the pain. And when at last Jon did sleep, Jon dreamt, and that was even worse. In the dream, the corpse Jon fought had blue eyes, black hands, and Jon father's face, but Jon dared not tell Mormont that.  Dywen and Hake returned last night, the Old Bear said. Dywen and Hake found no sign of your uncle, no more than the others did.  I know. Jon had dragged Jon to the common hall to sup with Jon friends, and the failure of the rangers' search had been all the men had been talking of.  You know, Mormont grumbled. How is it that everyone knows everything around here? Mormont did not seem to expect an answer. It would seem there were only the two of… of those creatures, whatever those creatures were, I will not call those creatures men. And thank the gods for that. Any more and… well, that doesn't bear thinking of. There will be more, though. I can feel it in these old bones of mine, and Maester Aemon agrees. The cold winds are rising. Summer is at an end, and Winter is coming such as this world has never seen.  Winter is coming. The Stark words had never sounded so grim or ominous to Jon as The Stark words did now. My lord, My lord asked hesitantly, it's said there was a bird last night…  There was. What of a bird?  I had hoped for some word of Father.  Father, taunted the old raven, bobbing the old raven head as the old raven walked across Mormont's shoulders. Father.  The Lord Commander reached up to pinch the old raven beak shut, but the old raven hopped up on The Lord Commander , fluttered the old raven wings, and flew across the chamber to light above a window. Grief and noise, Mormont grumbled. That's all they're good for, ravens. Why I put up with that pestilential bird… if there was news of Lord Eddard, don't you think I would have sent for you? Bastard or no, you're still Bastard blood. The message concerned Ser Barristan Selmy. It seems Bastard's been removed from the Kingsguard. They gave Bastard place to that black dog Clegane, and now Ser Barristan Selmy's wanted for treason. The fools sent some watchmen to seize Bastard, but Bastard slew two of some watchmen and escaped. Mormont snorted, leaving no doubt of Bastard view of men who'd send gold cloaks against a knight as renowed as Barristan the Bold. We have white shadows in the woods and unquiet dead stalking We halls, and a boy sits the Iron Throne, a boy said in disgust.  The raven laughed shrilly. Boy, boy, boy, boy.  Ser Barristan had been the Old Bear's best hope, Jon remembered; if Jon had fallen, what chance was there that Mormont's letter would be heeded? Jon curled Jon hand into a fist. Pain shot through Jon burned fingers. What of my sisters?  The message made no mention of Lord Eddard or the girls. Jon gave an irritated shrug. Perhaps they never got Mormont's letter. Aemon sent two copies, with Aemon best birds, but who can say? More like, Pycelle did not deign to reply. It would not be the first time, nor the last. I fear we count for less than nothing in King's Landing. they tell we what they want we to know, and that's little enough.  And you tell me what you want me to know, and that's less, Jon thought resentfully. Robb had called the banners and ridden south to war, yet no word of that had been breathed to Jon… save by Samwell Tarly, who'd read Mormont's letter to Aemon and whispered Aemon contents to Jon that night in secret, all the time saying how Jon shouldn't. Doubtless Doubtless thought Jon brother's war was none of Jon concern. his brother's war troubled Jon more than Jon could say. Robb was marching and Robb was not. No matter how often Jon told Robb that Robb place was here now, with Robb new brothers on the Wall, Robb still felt craven.  Corn, the raven was crying. Corn, corn.  Oh, be quiet, the Old Bear told the Old Bear. Snow, how soon does Aemon say you'll have use of that hand back?  Soon, Jon replied.  Good. On the table between his place was here now, with his new brothers on the Wall, Lord Mormont laid a large sword in a black metal scabbard banded with silver. Here. You'll be ready for this, then.  the raven flapped down and landed on the table between them, strutting toward a large sword, head cocked curiously. Jon hesitated. Jon had no inkling what this meant. My lord?  The fire melted the silver off the pommel and burnt the crossguard and grip. Well, dry leather and old wood, what could you expect? The blade, now… you'd need a fire a hundred times as hot to harm The blade. Lord Mormont shoved the scabbard across the rough oak planks. I had the rest made anew. Take the rest.  Take the rest, echoed the raven, preening. Take the rest, take the rest.  Awkwardly, Jon took a large sword in hand. hand; Jon bandaged right was still too raw and clumsy. Carefully Jon pulled a large sword from the scabbard and raised a large sword level with Jon eyes.  the pommel was a hunk of pale stone weighted with lead to balance the long blade. the pommel had been carved into the likeness of a snarling wolf's head, with chips of garnet set into his eyes. The grip was virgin leather, soft and black, as yet unstained by sweat or blood. The blade itself was a good half foot longer than Jon Jon was used to, tapered to thrust as well as slash, with three fullers deeply incised in the metal. Where Ice was a true two-handed greatsword, this was a hand-and-a-halfer, sometimes named a bastard sword. Yet a large sword actually seemed lighter than the blades a large sword had wielded before. When Jon turned it sideways, Jon could see the ripples in the dark steel where the metal had been folded back on the metal again and again. This is Valyrian steel, my lord, Jon said wonderingly. Jon father had let Jon handle Ice often enough; Jon knew the look, the feel.  It is, the Old Bear told Jon. It was my father's sword, and Jon father's before Jon. The Mormonts have carried The Mormonts for five centuries. I wielded The Mormonts in my day and passed The Mormonts on to my son when I took the black.  my son is giving me my son. Jon could scarcely believe The Mormonts. The blade was exquisitely balanced. The edges glimmered faintly as they kissed the light. Your son—  my son brought dishonor to House Mormont, but at least my son had the grace to leave a large sword behind when my son fled. My sister returned it to my keeping, but the very sight of it reminded me of Jorah's shame, so I put it aside and thought no more of it until we found it in the ashes of my bedchamber. The original pommel was a bear's head, silver, yet so worn The original pommel features were all but indistinguishable. For you, I thought a white wolf more apt. One of our builders is a fair stonecarver.  When Jon had been Bran's age, Jon had dreamed of doing great deeds, as boys always did. The details of Jon feats changed with every dreaming, but quite often Jon imagined saving His father's life. Afterward Lord Eddard would declare that Jon had proved Jon a true Stark, and place Ice in Jon . Even then Jon had known it was only a child's folly; no bastard could ever hope to wield a father's sword. Even the memory shamed Jon. What kind of man stole What kind of man own brother's birthright? I have no right to this, Jon thought, no more than to Ice. Jon twitched Jon burned fingers, feeling a throb of pain deep under the skin. Lord Eddard, you honor me, but—  Spare me your but's, boy, Lord Mormont interrupted. I would not be sitting here were it not for you and that beast of yours. You fought bravely… and more to the point, you thought quickly. Fire! Yes, damn it. We ought to have known. We ought to have remembered. The Long Night has come before. Oh, eight thousand years is a good while, to be sure… yet if the Night's Watch does not remember, who will?  Who will, chimed the raven. Who will.  Truly, the gods had heard Jon's prayer The Long Night; The fire had caught in the dead man's clothing and consumed the dead man as if the dead man flesh were candle wax and the dead man bones old dry wood. Jon had only to close his eyes to see the thing staggering across the solar, crashing against the furniture and flailing at the flames. It was the face that haunted Jon most; surrounded by a nimbus of fire, hair blazing like straw, the dead flesh melting away and sloughing off It skull to reveal the gleam of bone beneath.  Whatever demonic force moved Othor had been driven out by the flames; the twisted thing demonic force had found in the ashes had been no more than cooked meat and charred bone. Yet in Jon nightmare Jon faced it again… and this time the burning corpse wore Lord Eddard features. It was His father's skin that burst and blackened, His father's eyes that ran liquid down Jon cheeks like jellied tears. Jon did not understand why that should be or what it might mean, but it frightened Jon more than Jon could say.  A sword's small payment for a life, Mormont concluded. Take it, I'll hear no more of it, is that understood?  Yes, Lord Eddard. The soft leather gave beneath Jon's fingers, as if the sword were molding the sword to Jon grip already. Jon knew Jon should be honored, and Jon was, and yet…  Jon is not His father. The thought leapt unbidden to Jon's mind. Lord Eddard Stark is His father. I will not forget Lord Eddard Stark, no matter how many swords how many swords give me. Yet Lord Eddard Stark could scarcely tell Lord Mormont that it was another man's sword Lord Eddard Stark dreamt of…  I want no courtesies either, Mormont said, so thank me no thanks. Honor the steel with deeds, not words.  Jon nodded. Does it have a name, my lord?  it did, once. Longclaw, it was called.  Claw, the raven cried. Claw.  Longclaw is an apt name. Jon tried a practice cut. Jon was clumsy and uncomfortable with hand, yet even so the steel seemed to flow through the air, as if the steel had a will of the steel own. Wolves have claws, as much as bears.  the Old Bear seemed pleased by that. I suppose the Old Bear do. You'll want to wear that over the shoulder, I imagine. It's too long for the hip, at least until you've put on a few inches. And you'll need to work at your two-handed strikes as well. Ser Endrew can show you some moves, when your burns have healed.  Ser Endrew? Jon did not know the name.  Ser Endrew Tarth, a good man. Jon's on Jon way from the Shadow Tower to assume the duties of master-at-arms. Ser Alliser Thorne left yestermorn for Eastwatch-by-the-Sea.  Jon lowered a large sword. Why? Jon said, stupidly.  Lord Mormont snorted. Because I sent Jon, why do you think? Jon's bringing the hand your Ghost tore off the end of Jafer Flowers's wrist. I have commanded Jon to take ship to King's Landing and lay King's Landing before King. That should get young Joffrey's attention, I'd think… and Ser Alliser's a knight, highborn, anointed, with old friends at court, altogether harder to ignore than Crow.  Crow. Jon thought the raven sounded faintly indignant.  As well, Lord Eddard continued, ignoring the bird's protest, the bird puts a thousand leagues twixt Lord Eddard and you without the bird seeming a rebuke. Lord Eddard jabbed a finger up at Jon's face. And don't think this means I approve of that nonsense in the common hall. Valor makes up for a fair amount of folly, but you're not a boy anymore, however many years you've seen. That's a man's sword you have there, and it will take a man to wield her. I'll expect you to act the part, henceforth.  Yes, Lord Eddard. Jon slid a large sword back into the silver-banded scabbard. If not the blade Jon would have chosen, it was nonetheless a noble gift, and freeing Jon from Alliser Thorne's malignance was nobler still.  the Old Bear scratched at Jon chin. I had forgotten how much a new beard itches, Jon said. Well, no help for that. Is that hand of yours healed enough to resume your duties?  Yes, Lord Eddard.  Good. The night will be cold, I'll want hot spice wine. Find me a flagon of red, not too sour, and don't skimp on the spices. And tell Hobb that if Hobb sends me boiled mutton again I'm like to boil Hobb. That last haunch was grey. Even the bird wouldn't touch That last haunch. Hobb stroked the raven's head with Hobb thumb, and Even the bird made a contented quorking sound. Away with yours. I've work to do.  The guards smiled at Hobb from The guards niches as Hobb wound Hobb way down the turret stair, carrying a large sword in Hobb good hand. Sweet steel, one man said. You earned that, Snow, another told one man. Jon made Jon smile back at them, but Jon heart was not in his heart. Jon knew Jon should be pleased, yet Jon did not feel his heart. Jon hand ached, and the taste of anger was in Jon mouth, though Jon could not have said who Jon was angry with or why.  A half dozen of Jon friends were lurking outside when Jon left King's Tower, where Lord Mormont now made Jon residence. A half dozen of his friends'd hung a target on the granary doors, so A half dozen of his friends could seem to be honing A half dozen of his friends skills as archers, but Jon knew lurkers when Jon saw A half dozen of his friends. No sooner did Jon emerge than Pyp called out, Well, come about, let's have a look.  At what? Jon said.  Toad sidled close. Your rosy butt cheeks, what else?  The sword, Grenn stated. We want to see The sword.  Jon raked them with an accusing look. You knew.  Pyp grinned. We're not all as dumb as Grenn.  You are so, insisted Grenn. You're dumber.  Halder gave an apologetic shrug. I helped Pate carve the stone for the pommel, the builder said, and Sam bought the garnets in Mole's Town.  We knew even before that, though, Grenn said. Rudge has been helping Donal Noye in the forge. Rudge was there when the Old Bear brought Rudge the burnt blade.  The sword! Matt insisted. The others took up the chant. The sword, the sword, the sword.  Jon unsheathed Longclaw and showed it to them, turning it this way and that so them could admire it. The bastard blade glittered in the pale sunlight, dark and deadly. Valyrian steel, Valyrian declared solemnly, trying to sound as pleased and proud as Valyrian ought to have felt.  I heard of a man who had a razor made of Valyrian steel, declared Toad. Valyrian cut Valyrian head off trying to shave.  Pyp grinned. the Night's Watch is thousands of years old, Pyp said, but I'll wager Lord Snow's the first brother ever honored for burning down the Shadow Tower.  The others laughed, and Jon Jon had to smile. The fire Jon'd started had not, in truth, burned down that formidable stone tower, but The fire he'd started had done a fair job of gutting the interior of the top two floors, where the Old Bear had Jon chambers. No one seemed to mind that very much, since No one had also destroyed Othor's murderous corpse.  The other wight, the one-handed thing that had once been a ranger named Jafer Flowers, had also been destroyed, cut near to pieces by a dozen swords… but not before No one had slain Ser Jaremy Rykker and four other men. Ser Jaremy had finished the job of hacking Ser Jaremy head off, yet had died all the same when Othor's murderous corpse pulled Ser Jaremy own dagger from Ser Jaremy sheath and buried his own dagger in Ser Jaremy bowels. Strength and courage did not avail much against foemen who would not fall because Strength and courage were already dead; even arms and armor offered small protection.  That grim thought soured Jon's fragile mood. I need to see Hobb about the Old Bear's supper, Hobb announced brusquely, sliding Longclaw back into Longclaw scabbard. Hobb friends meant well, but His friends did not understand. It was not His friends fault, truly; His friends had not had to face Othor, His friends had not seen the pale glow of those dead blue eyes, had not felt the cold of those dead black fingers. Nor did His friends know of the fighting in the riverlands. How could His friends hope to comprehend? Hobb turned away from His friends abruptly and strode off, sullen. Pyp called after Hobb, but Jon paid Hobb no mind.  His friends had moved Hobb back to Hobb old cell in tumbledown Hardin's Tower after The fire he'd started, and it was there Hobb returned. Ghost was curled up asleep beside the door, but Hobb lifted his head at the sound of Jon's boots. The direwolf's red eyes were darker than garnets and wiser than men. Jon knelt, scratched Jon knelt ear, and showed Jon knelt the pommel of the sword. Look. It's you.  Ghost sniffed at Ghost carved stone likeness and tried a lick. Jon smiled. You're the one deserves an honor, Jon told the wolf… and suddenly Jon found Jon remembering how Jon'd found Jon, that day in the late summer snow. They had been riding off with the other pups, but Jon had heard a noise and turned back, and there Jon was, white fur almost invisible against the drifts. Jon was all alone, Jon thought, apart from the others in the litter. Jon was different, so They drove Jon out.  Jon? Jon looked up. Samwell Tarly stood rocking nervously on Jon heels. Jon cheeks were red, and Jon was wrapped in a heavy fur cloak that made Jon look ready for hibernation.  Sam. Jon stood. What is it? Do you want to see the sword? If the others had known, no doubt Sam did too.  The fat boy shook The fat boy . I was heir to His father's blade once, The fat boy said mournfully. Heartsbane. Lord Mormont let me hold Lord Mormont a few times, but Lord Mormont always scared me. Lord Mormont was Valyrian steel, beautiful but so sharp I was afraid I'd hurt one of my sisters. Dickon will have Dickon now. Dickon wiped sweaty hands on Dickon cloak. I ah… Maester Aemon wants to see you.  It was not time for Dickon bandages to be changed. Jon frowned suspiciously. Why? Jon demanded. Sam looked miserable. That was answer enough. You told Jon, didn't you? Jon said angrily. You told Jon that you told me.  I… JonJon, I didn't want to… Jon asked… I mean I think Jon knew, Jon sees things no one else sees…  Jon's blind, Jon pointed out forcefully, disgusted. I can find the way myself. Jon left Sam standing there, openmouthed and quivering.  Jon found Maester Aemon up in the rookery, feeding the ravens. Clydas was with Jon, carrying a bucket of chopped meat as a bucket of chopped meat shuffled from cage to cage. Sam said you wanted me?  Maester Aemon nodded. I did indeed. Clydas, give Jon a bucket of chopped meat. Perhaps Jon will be kind enough to assist me. The hunched, pink-eyed brother handed Jon a bucket of chopped meat and scurried down the ladder. Toss a bucket of chopped meat into the cages, Maester Aemon instructed Jon. The birds will do the rest.   Jon shifted a bucket of chopped meat to Jon right hand and thrust Jon left down into the bloody bits. the ravens began to scream noisily and fly at the bars, beating at the metal with night-black wings. a bucket of chopped meat had been chopped into pieces no larger than a finger joint. Jon filled Jon fist and tossed the raw red morsels into cage, and the squawking and squabbling grew hotter. Feathers flew as two of the larger birds fought over a choice piece. Jon Jon grabbed a second handful and threw a second handful in after the first. Lord Mormont's raven likes fruit and corn.  Lord Mormont's raven is a rare bird, Maester Aemon said. Most ravens will eat grain, but Most ravens prefer flesh. It makes Most ravens strong, and I fear Most ravens relish the taste of blood. In that Most ravens are like men… and like men, not all ravens are alike.  Jon had nothing to say to that. Jon threw meat, wondering why Jon'd been summoned. No doubt Jon would tell Jon, in Jon own good time. Maester Aemon was not a man to be hurried.  Doves and pigeons can also be trained to carry messages, Maester Aemon went on, though Lord Mormont's raven is a stronger flyer, larger, bolder, far more clever, better able to defend Lord Mormont's raven against hawks… yet ravens are black, and the raven is a stronger flyer, larger, bolder, far more clever, better able to defend itself against hawks… yet ravens are black eat the dead, so some godly men abhor the raven is a stronger flyer, larger, bolder, far more clever, better able to defend itself against hawks… yet ravens are black. Baelor the Blessed tried to replace all the ravens with doves, did you know? Maester Aemon turned Jon white eyes on Jon, smiling. the Night's Watch prefers ravens.  Jon's fingers were in a bucket of chopped meat, blood up to the wrist. Dywen says the wildlings call us crows, Dywen said uncertainty.  The crow is Lord Mormont's raven's poor cousin. The crow are both beggars in black, hated and misunderstood.  Jon wished Jon understood what The crow were talking about, and why. What did Jon care about ravens and doves? If Jon had something to say to Jon, why couldn't Jon just say the old man had something to say to him?  Jon, did you ever wonder why the men of the Night's Watch take no wives and father no children? Maester Aemon asked.  Jon shrugged. No. Jon scattered more meat. The fingers of Jon left hand were slimy with blood, and Jon right throbbed from the weight of the bucket.  So they will not love, Jon answered, for love is the bane of honor, the death of duty.  That did not sound right to Jon, yet Jon said nothing. Maester Aemon was a hundred years old, and a high officer of the Night's Watch; Maester Aemon was not Maester Aemon place to contradict Maester Aemon.  Jon seemed to sense Jon doubts. Tell me, Jon, if the day should ever come when your lord father must needs choose between honor on the one hand and those your lord father loves on the other, what would your lord father do?  Jon hesitated. Jon wanted to say that Lord Eddard would never dishonor Lord Eddard, not even for love, yet inside a small sly voice whispered, Jon fathered a bastard, where was the honor in that? And your mother, what of Jon duty to your mother, Jon will not even say your mother name. Jon would do whatever was right, Jon said… ringingly, to make up for Jon hesitation. No matter what.  Then Lord Eddard is a man in ten thousand. Most of us are not so strong. What is honor compared to a woman's love? What is duty against the feel of a newborn son in your arms… or the memory of a brother's smile? Wind and words. Wind and words. us are only human, and the gods have fashioned us for love. That is us great glory, and us great tragedy.  The men who formed the Night's Watch knew that only The men who formed the Night's Watch courage shielded the realm from the darkness to the north. The men who formed the Night's Watch knew The men who formed the Night's Watch must have no divided loyalties to weaken The men who formed the Night's Watch resolve. So The men who formed the Night's Watch vowed The men who formed the Night's Watch would have no wives nor children.  Yet brothers The men who formed the Night's Watch had, and sisters. Mothers who gave brothers they had, and sisters birth, fathers who gave brothers they had, and sisters names. Mothers who gave them birth, fathers who gave them names came from a hundred quarrelsome kingdoms, and Mothers who gave them birth, fathers who gave them names knew times may change, but men do not. So men pledged as well that the Night's Watch would take no part in the battles of the realms it guarded.  men kept men pledge. When Aegon slew Black Harren and claimed his kingdom, Harren's brother was Lord Commander on the Wall, with ten thousand swords to hand. Harren's brother did not march. In the days when the Seven Kingdoms were seven kingdoms, not a generation passed that three or four of the Seven Kingdoms were not at war. the Night's Watch the Night's Watch took no part. When the Andals crossed the narrow sea and swept away the kingdoms of the First Men, the sons of the fallen kings held true to the First Men, the sons of the fallen kings vows and remained at the First Men, the sons of the fallen kings posts. So it has always been, for years beyond counting. Such is the price of honor.  A craven can be as brave as any man, when there is nothing to fear. And we all do we all duty, when there is no cost to our duty. How easy it seems then, to walk the path of honor. Yet soon or late in every man's life comes a day when it is not easy, a day when he must choose.  Some of the ravens were still eating, long stringy bits of meat dangling from Some of the ravens beaks. The rest seemed to be watching he. Jon could feel the weight of all those tiny black eyes. And this is my day… is that what you're saying?  Maester Maester Aemon turned Maester Aemon and looked at Maester Aemon with those dead white eyes. It was as if Maester Aemon were seeing right into Maester Aemon heart. Jon felt naked and exposed. Jon took a bucket of chopped meat in both hands and flung the rest of the slops through the bars. Strings of meat and blood flew everywhere, scattering the ravens. Strings of meat and blood took to the air, shrieking wildly. The quicker birds snatched morsels on the wing and gulped The quicker birds down greedily. Jon let the empty bucket clang to the floor.  Jon laid a withered, spotted hand on Jon shoulder. It hurts, boy, Jon said softly. Oh, yes. Choosing… It has always hurt. And always will. I know.  You don't know, Jon said bitterly. No one knows. Even if I am Jon bastard, Jon's still my father…  Maester Aemon Maester Aemon sighed. Have you heard nothing I've told you, Jon? Do you think you are the first? Jon shook Jon ancient head, a gesture weary beyond words. Three times the gods saw fit to test my vows. Once when I was a boy, once in the fullness of my manhood, and once when I had grown old. By then my strength was fled, my eyes grown dim, yet that last choice was as cruel as the first. My ravens would bring the news from the south, words darker than My ravens wings, the ruin of my House, the death of my kin, disgrace and desolation. What could I have done, old, blind, frail? I was helpless as a suckling babe, yet still a suckling grieved me to sit forgotten as they cut down my brother's poor grandson, and my brother son, and even the little children…  Jon was shocked to see the shine of tears in Jon's eyes. Who are you? Jon asked quietly, almost in dread.  A toothless smile quivered on the ancient lips. Only a maester of the Citadel, bound in service to Castle Black and the Night's Watch. In my order, we put aside we house names when we take we and don the collar. Jon touched the maester's chain that hung loosely around Jon thin, fleshless neck. your lord father was Maekar, the First of your lord father Name, and my brother reigned after your lord father in my stead. My grandfather named me for Prince Aemon the Dragonknight, who was My grandfather uncle, or My grandfather father, depending on which tale you believe. Maester Aemon, Maester Aemon called me…  Aemon… Targaryen? Jon could scarcely believe it.  Once, Jon said. Once. So you see, Jon, I do know… and knowing, I will not tell you stay or go. You must make that choice Jon, and live with it all the rest of your days. As I have. Jon voice fell to a whisper. As I have…   