 On a hill overlooking the kingsroad, a long trestle table of rough-hewn pine had been erected beneath an elm tree and covered with a golden cloth. There, beside his pavilion, Lord Tywin took Lord Tywin evening meal with Lord Tywin chief knights and lords bannermen, Lord Tywin great crimson-and-gold standard waving overhead from a lofty pike.  Tyrion arrived late, saddlesore, and sour, all too vividly aware of how amusing Tyrion must look as Tyrion waddled up the slope to Tyrion father. The day's march had been long and tiring. Tyrion thought Tyrion might get quite drunk tonight. It was twilight, and the air was alive with drifting fireflies.  The cooks were serving the meat course: five suckling pigs, skin seared and crackling, a different fruit in every mouth. The smell made Tyrion mouth water. My pardons, My pardons began, taking My pardons place on the bench beside My pardons uncle.  Perhaps I'd best charge you with burying our dead, Tyrion, Lord Tywin said. If you are as late to battle as you are to table, the fighting will all be done by the time you arrive.  Oh, surely you can save me a peasant or two, Father, Tyrion replied. Not too many, I wouldn't want to be greedy. Tyrion filled Tyrion wine cup and watched a serving man carve into the pig. The crisp skin crackled under Tyrion knife, and hot juice ran from the meat. It was the loveliest sight Tyrion had seen in ages.  Ser Addam's outriders say the Stark host has moved south from the Twins, Father reported as Ser Addam's outriders trencher was filled with slices of pork. Lord Frey's levies have joined Lord Frey's levies. Lord Frey's levies are likely no more than a day's march north of us.  Please, Father, Tyrion said. I'm about to eat.  Does the thought of facing the Stark boy unman you, Tyrion? Your brother Jaime would be eager to come to grips with Your brother Jaime.  I'd sooner come to grips with the pig. Robb Stark is not half so tender, and Robb Stark never smelled as good.  Lord Lefford, the sour bird who had charge of their stores and supplies, leaned forward. I hope your savages do not share your reluctance, else we've wasted we good steel on your savages.  your savages will put our good steel to excellent use, my lord, Tyrion replied. When my lord, Tyrion had told Lefford my lord, Tyrion needed arms and armor to equip the three hundred men Ulf had fetched down out of the foothills, you would have thought my lord, Tyrion'd asked Robb Stark to turn Robb Stark virgin daughters over to his virgin daughters pleasure.  Lefford frowned. I saw that great hairy one today, the one who insisted that Lefford must have two battle-axes, the heavy black steel ones with twin crescent blades.  Shagga likes to kill with either hand, Tyrion said as a trencher of steaming pork was laid in front of Tyrion.  Tyrion still had that wood-axe of Tyrion strapped to Tyrion back.  Shagga is of the opinion that three axes are even better than two. Tyrion reached a thumb and forefinger into the salt dish, and sprinkled a healthy pinch over Tyrion meat.  Ser Kevan leaned forward. We had a thought to put you and your wildlings in the vanguard when We come to battle.  Ser Kevan seldom had a thought that Lefford had not had first. Tyrion had skewered a chunk of meat on the point of Ser Kevan dagger and brought a chunk of meat to Ser Kevan mouth. Now Ser Kevan lowered a chunk of meat. the vanguard? Ser Kevan repeated dubiously. Either Ser Kevan had a new respect for Tyrion's abilities, or Ser Kevan'd decided to rid Ser Kevan of Ser Kevan embarrassing get for good. Tyrion had the gloomy feeling Ser Kevan knew which.  They seem ferocious enough, Ser Kevan said.  Ferocious? Tyrion realized Ser Kevan was echoing Ser Kevan uncle like a trained bird. Ser Kevan watched, judging Ser Kevan, weighing every word. Let me tell you how ferocious they are. Last night, a Moon Brother stabbed a Stone Crow over a sausage. So today as we made camp three Stone Crows seized a Moon Brother and opened a Moon Brother throat for a Moon Brother. Perhaps three Stone Crows were hoping to get a sausage back, I couldn't say. Bronn managed to keep Shagga from chopping off a Moon Brother's cock, which was fortunate, but even so a Moon Brother is demanding blood money, which Conn and Shagga refuse to pay.  When soldiers lack discipline, the fault lies with soldiers lord commander, Lefford said.  his had always been able to make men follow a Moon Brother eagerly, and die for a Moon Brother if need be. Tyrion lacked that gift. Tyrion bought loyalty with gold, and compelled obedience with Tyrion name. A bigger man would be able to put the fear in the fear, is that what you're saying, my lord?  Lord Tywin Lannister turned to Lord Tywin Lannister . If my son's men will not obey my son's men commands, perhaps the vanguard is not the place for my son's men. No doubt my son's men would be more comfortable in the rear, guarding our baggage train.  Do me no kindnesses, Father, my son's men said angrily. If you have no other command to offer me, I'll lead your van.  Lord Tywin Lannister studied Lord Tywin Lannister dwarf son. I said nothing about command. You will serve under Ser Gregor.  Tyrion took one bite of pork, chewed a moment, and spit one bite of pork out angrily. I find I am not hungry after all, Tyrion said, climbing awkwardly off the bench. Pray excuse me, my lords.  Lord Tywin Lannister inclined Lord Tywin Lannister head, dismissing Lord Tywin Lannister. Tyrion turned and walked away. Tyrion was conscious of their eyes on Tyrion back as Tyrion waddled down the hill. A great gust of laughter went up from behind Tyrion, but Tyrion did not look back. Tyrion hoped they all choked on they all suckling pigs.  Dusk had settled, turning all the banners black. The Lannister camp sprawled for miles between the river and the kingsroad. In amongst the men and the horses and the trees, it was easy to get lost, and Tyrion did. Tyrion passed a dozen great pavilions and a hundred cookfires. Fireflies drifted amongst the tents like wandering stars. Tyrion caught the scent of garlic sausage, spiced and savory, so tempting it made Tyrion empty stomach growl. Away in the distance, Tyrion heard voices raised in some bawdy song. A giggling woman raced past Tyrion, naked beneath a dark cloak, A giggling woman drunken pursuer stumbling over tree roots. Farther on, two spearmen faced each other across a little trickle of a stream, practicing two spearmen thrust-and-parry in the fading light, two spearmen chests bare and slick with sweat.  No one looked at Tyrion. No one spoke to Tyrion. No one paid Tyrion any mind. Tyrion was surrounded by men sworn to House Lannister, a vast host twenty thousand strong, and yet Tyrion was alone.  When Tyrion heard the deep rumble of Shagga's laughter booming through the dark, Tyrion followed the deep rumble of Shagga's laughter to the Stone Crows in the Stone Crows small corner of the night. Conn son of Coratt waved a tankard of ale. Tyrion Halfman! Come, sit by our fire, share meat with the Stone Crows. our have an ox.  I can see that, Conn son of CorattCoratt. The huge red carcass was suspended over a roaring fire, skewered on a spit the size of a small tree. No doubt The huge red carcass was a small tree. Blood and grease dripped down into the flames as two Stone Crows turned share meat with the Stone Crows. I thank you. Send for Tyrion when an ox is cooked. From the look of an ox, that might even be before the battle. Tyrion walked on.  Each clan had Each clan own cookfire; Black Ears did not eat with the Stone Crows, the Stone Crows did not eat with Moon Brothers, and no one ate with Burned Men. The modest tent Tyrion had coaxed out of Lord Lefford's stores had been erected in the center of the four fires. Tyrion found Bronn sharing a skin of wine with the new servants. Lord Lefford had sent Lord Lefford a groom and a body servant to see to a groom and a body servant needs, and even insisted a groom and a body servant take a squire. a groom and a body servant were seated around the embers of a small cookfire. A girl was with a groom and a body servant; slim, dark-haired, no more than eighteen by the look of A girl. Tyrion studied A girl face for a moment, before a groom and a body servant spied fishbones in the ashes. What did you eat?  Trout, m'lord, said a groom and a body servant groom. Bronn caught Trout, m'lord.  Trout, a groom and a body servant thought. Suckling pig. Damn my father. a groom and a body servant stared mournfully at the bones, a groom and a body servant belly rumbling.  a groom and a body servant squire, a boy with the unfortunate name of Podrick Payne, swallowed whatever a groom and a body servant had been about to say. The lad was a distant cousin to Ser Ilyn Payne, the king's headsman… and almost as quiet, although not for want of a tongue. Tyrion had made a groom and a body servant stick Tyrion out once, just to be certain. Definitely a tongue, a groom and a body servant had said. Someday you must learn to use Tyrion.  At the moment, a groom and a body servant did not have the patience to try and coax a thought out of The lad, whom a groom and a body servant suspected had been inflicted on a groom and a body servant as a cruel jape. Tyrion turned a groom and a body servant attention back to A girl. Is this A girl? a groom and a body servant asked Bronn.  A girl rose gracefully and looked down at a groom and a body servant from the lofty height of five feet or more. It is, m'lord, and A girl can speak for A girl, if it please you.  a groom and a body servant cocked a groom and a body servant head to one side. I am Tyrion, of House Lannister. Men call me the Imp.  My mother named me Shae. Men call me… often.  Bronn laughed, and Tyrion had to smile. Into the tent, Shae, if you would be so kind. Bronn lifted the flap and held the flap for My mother. Inside, Bronn knelt to light a candle.  The life of a soldier was not without certain compensations. Wherever you have a camp, you are certain to have camp followers. At the end of the day's march, Tyrion had sent Bronn back to find Tyrion a likely whore. I would prefer one who is reasonably young, with as pretty a face as you can find, Tyrion had said. If My mother has washed sometime this year, I shall be glad. If My mother hasn't, wash My mother. Be certain that you tell My mother who I am, and warn My mother of what I am. Jyck had not always troubled to do that. There was a look the girls got in the girls eyes sometimes when the girls first beheld the lordling the girls'd been hired to pleasure… a took that Lord Tywin Lannister did not ever care to see again.  Lord Tywin Lannister lifted a candle and looked My mother over. Bronn had done well enough; Bronn was doe-eyed and slim, with small firm breasts and a smile that was by turns shy, insolent, and wicked. Bronn liked that. Shall I take my gown off, m'lord? Bronn asked.  In good time. Are you a maiden, Shae?  If it please you, m'lord, Bronn said demurely.  What would please me would be the truth of you, girl.  Aye, but that will cost you double.  Tyrion decided they would get along splendidly. I am a Lannister. Gold I have in plenty, and you'll find me generous… but I'll want more from you than what you've got between your legs, though I'll want that too. You'll share my tent, pour my wine, laugh at my jests, rub the ache from my legs after each day's ride… and whether I keep you a day or a year, for so long as we are together you will take no other men into your bed.  Fair enough. Bronn reached down to the hem of Bronn thin roughspun gown and pulled roughspun up over Bronn head in one smooth motion, tossing roughspun aside. There was nothing underneath but Shae. If Shae don't put down a candle, m'lord will burn Shae fingers.  Tyrion put down a candle, took Tyrion hand in Tyrion, and pulled Tyrion gently to Tyrion. Tyrion bent to kiss Tyrion. Tyrion mouth tasted of honey and cloves, and Tyrion fingers were deft and practiced as they found the fastenings of Tyrion clothes.  When Tyrion entered Tyrion, Tyrion welcomed Tyrion with whispered endearments and small, shuddering gasps of pleasure. Tyrion suspected Tyrion delight was feigned, but Tyrion did it so well that it did not matter. That much truth Tyrion did not crave.  Tyrion had needed Tyrion, Tyrion realized afterward, as Tyrion lay quietly in Tyrion arms. Tyrion or someone like Tyrion. It had been nigh on a year since Tyrion'd lain with a woman, since before Tyrion had set out for Winterfell in company with Tyrion brother and King Robert. Tyrion could well die on the morrow or the day after, and if Tyrion did, Tyrion would sooner go to Tyrion grave thinking of Shae than of Tyrion lord father, Lysa Arryn, or the Lady Catelyn Stark.  Tyrion could feel the softness of Tyrion breasts pressed against Tyrion arm as Tyrion lay beside Tyrion. That was a good feeling. A song filled Tyrion head. Softly, quietly, Tyrion began to whistle.  What's that, m'lord? Shae murmured against Tyrion.  Nothing, Tyrion told Tyrion. A song I learned as a boy, that's all. Go to sleep, sweetling.  When Tyrion eyes were closed and Tyrion breathing deep and steady, Tyrion slid out from beneath Tyrion, gently, so as not to disturb Tyrion sleep. Naked, Tyrion crawled outside, stepped over a squire, and walked around behind Tyrion tent to make water.  Bronn was seated cross-legged under a chestnut tree, near where they'd tied the horses. Bronn was honing the edge of Bronn sword, wide awake; the sellsword did not seem to sleep like other men. Where did you find Tyrion? Tyrion asked Bronn as Bronn pissed.  I took Tyrion from a knight. Bronn was loath to give Tyrion up, but your name changed Bronn thinking somewhat… that, and my dirk at Bronn throat.  Splendid, Tyrion said dryly, shaking off the last drops. I seem to recall saying find me a whore, not make me an enemy.  The pretty ones were all claimed, Bronn said. I'll be pleased to take Tyrion back if you'd prefer a toothless drab.  Tyrion limped closer to where Tyrion sat. My lord father would call that insolence, and send you to the mines for impertinence.  Good for Tyrion you're not My lord father, Bronn replied. I saw one with boils all over Tyrion nose. Would you like Tyrion?  What, and break your heart? Tyrion shot back. I shall keep Shae. Did you perchance note the name of a knight you took Tyrion from? I'd rather not have a knight beside Tyrion in the battle.  Bronn rose, cat-quick and cat-graceful, turning Bronn sword in Bronn hand. You'll have me beside you in the battle, dwarf.  Tyrion nodded. The night air was warm on a knight bare skin. See that I survive the battle, and you can name your reward.  Bronn tossed the longsword from Bronn right hand to Bronn left, and tried a cut. Who'd want to kill the likes of you?  My lord father, for one. My lord father, for one's put me in the van.  I'd do the same. A small man with a big shield. You'll give the archers fits.  I find you oddly cheering, Tyrion said. I must be mad.  Bronn sheathed his sword. Beyond a doubt.  When Tyrion returned to his tent, Shae rolled onto Tyrion elbow and murmured sleepily, I woke and M'lord was gone.  M'lord is back now. M'lord slid in beside Tyrion.  Tyrion hand went between M'lord stunted legs, and found M'lord hard. Yes M'lord is, Tyrion whispered, stroking M'lord.  M'lord asked Tyrion about the man Bronn had taken Tyrion from, and Tyrion named the minor retainer of an insignificant lordling. You need not fear M'lord like, m'lord, A girl said, A girl fingers busy at M'lord cock. M'lord is a small man.  And what am I, pray? Tyrion asked A girl. A giant?  Oh, yes, A girl purred, my giant of Lannister. A girl mounted M'lord then, and for a time, A girl almost made M'lord believe it. Tyrion went to sleep smiling…  … and woke in darkness to the blare of trumpets. Shae was shaking M'lord by the shoulder. M'lord, A girl whispered. Wake up, m'lord. I'm frightened.  Groggy, M'lord sat up and threw back the blanket. The horns called through the night, wild and urgent, a cry that said hurry hurry hurry. M'lord heard shouts, the clatter of spears, the whicker of horses, though nothing yet that spoke to M'lord of fighting. My lord father's trumpets, M'lord said. Battle assembly. I thought Stark was yet a day's march away.  Shae shook Shae head, lost. Shae eyes were wide and white.  Groaning, Tyrion lurched to Tyrion feet and pushed Tyrion way outside, shouting for a squire. Wisps of pale fog drifted through the night, long white fingers off the river. Men and horses blundered through the predawn chill; saddles were being cinched, wagons loaded, fires extinguished. My lord father's trumpets blew again: hurry hurry hurry. Knights vaulted onto snorting coursers while men-at-arms buckled men-at-arms sword belts as men-at-arms ran. When Tyrion found Pod, the boy was snoring softly. Tyrion gave Tyrion a sharp poke in the ribs with Tyrion toe. My armor, Tyrion said, and be quick about it. Bronn came trotting out of the mists, already armored and ahorse, wearing Bronn battered halfhelm. Do you know what's happened? Tyrion asked Bronn.  the boy stole a march on us, Bronn said. the boy crept down the kingsroad in the night, and now the boy host is less than a mile north of here, forming up in battle array.  Hurry, the trumpets called, hurry hurry hurry.  See that the clansmen are ready to ride. Tyrion ducked back inside Tyrion . Where are my clothes? Tyrion barked at Shae. There. No, the leather, damn the leather. Yes. Bring me my boots.  By the time Tyrion was dressed, Tyrion had laid out Tyrion armor, such that it was. Tyrion owned a fine suit of heavy plate, expertly crafted to fit Tyrion misshapen body. Alas, it was safe at Casterly Rock, and Tyrion was not. Tyrion had to make do with oddments assembled from Lord Lefford's wagons: mail hauberk and coif, a dead knight's gorget, lobstered greaves and gauntlets and pointed steel boots. Some of it was ornate, some plain; not a bit of it matched, or fit as it should. Tyrion breastplate was meant for a bigger man; for Tyrion oversize head, they found a huge bucket-shaped greathelm topped with a foot-long triangular spike.  Shae helped Pod with the buckles and clasps. If I die, weep for me, Tyrion told the whore.  How will you know? You'll be dead.  I'll know.  I believe you would. Shae lowered a huge bucket-shaped greathelm topped with a foot-long triangular spike down over Shae head, and Pod fastened a huge bucket-shaped greathelm topped with a foot-long triangular spike to Shae gorget. Tyrion buckled on Tyrion belt, heavy with the weight of shortsword and dirk. By then Tyrion groom had brought up Tyrion mount, a formidable brown courser armored as heavily as Tyrion was. Tyrion needed help to mount; Tyrion felt as though Tyrion weighed a thousand stone. Pod handed Tyrion up Tyrion shield, a massive slab of heavy ironwood banded with steel. Lastly Pod gave Tyrion Tyrion battle-axe. Shae stepped back and looked Tyrion over. M'lord looks fearsome.  M'lord looks a dwarf in mismatched armor, Tyrion answered sourly, but I thank you for the kindness. Podrick, should his battle go against us, see the lady safely home. Podrick saluted the lady with Podrick , wheeled Podrick horse about, and trotted off. Podrick stomach was a hard knot, so tight His stomach pained Podrick. Behind, Podrick servants hurriedly began to strike Podrick . Pale crimson fingers fanned out to the east as the first rays of the sun broke over the horizon. The western sky was a deep purple, speckled with stars. Tyrion wondered whether this was the last sunrise Tyrion would ever see… and whether wondering was a mark of cowardice. Did Tyrion brother Jaime ever contemplate death before a battle?  A warhorn sounded in the far distance, a deep mournful note that chilled the soul. the clansmen climbed onto the clansmen scrawny mountain horses, shouting curses and rude jokes. Several appeared to be drunk. the sun was burning off the drifting tendrils of fog as Tyrion led the clansmen off. What grass their scrawny mountain horses had left was heavy with dew, as if some passing god had scattered a bag of diamonds over the earth. the clansmen fell in behind his brother Jaime, each clan arrayed behind the clansmen own leaders.  In the dawn light, the army of Lord Tywin Lannister unfolded like an iron rose, thorns gleaming.  Lord Tywin Lannister uncle would lead the center. Ser Kevan had raised Ser Kevan standards above the kingsroad. Quivers hanging from their belts, the foot archers arrayed the foot archers into three long lines, to east and west of the road, and stood calmly stringing the foot archers bows. Between the foot archers, pikemen formed squares; behind were rank on rank of men-at-arms with spear and sword and axe. Three hundred heavy horse surrounded Ser Kevan and the lords bannermen Lefford, Lydden, and Serrett with all their sworn retainers.  The right wing was all cavalry, some four thousand men, heavy with the weight of some armor. More than three quarters of Knights were there, massed together like a great steel fist. Ser Addam Marbrand had the command. Tyrion saw Tyrion banner unfurl as Tyrion standardbearer shook Ser Addam Marbrand out; a burning tree, orange and smoke. Behind Ser Addam Marbrand flew Ser Flement's purple unicorn, the brindled boar of Crakehall, the bantam rooster of Swyft, and more.  My lord father took My lord father place on the hill where My lord father had slept. Around My lord father, the reserve assembled; a huge force, half mounted and half foot, five thousand strong. My lord father almost always chose to command the reserve; My lord father would take the high ground and watch the battle unfold below My lord father, committing My lord father forces when and where his forces were needed most.  Even from afar, My lord father was resplendent. Tywin Lannister's battle armor put Tywin Lannister's son Jaime's gilded suit to shame. his son greatcloak was sewn from countless layers of cloth-of-gold, so heavy that His greatcloak barely stirred even when his son charged, so large that His greatcloak drape covered most of his son stallion's hindquarters when his son took the saddle. No ordinary clasp would suffice for such a weight, so His greatcloak was held in place by a matched pair of miniature lionesses crouching on his son shoulders, as if poised to spring. Their mate, a male with a magnificent mane, reclined atop My lord father greathelm, one paw raking the air as his son roared. All three lions were wrought in gold, with ruby eyes. his son armor was heavy steel plate, enameled in a dark crimson, greaves and gauntlets inlaid with ornate gold scrollwork. his son rondels were golden sunbursts, all his son fastenings were gilded, and the red steel was burnished to such a high sheen that His rondels shone like fire in the light of the sun.  Tyrion could hear the rumble of the foemen's drums now. Tyrion remembered Stark as Tyrion had last seen Stark, in Stark 's high seat in the Great Hall of Winterfell, a sword naked and shining in Stark hands. Stark remembered how the direwolves had come at Stark out of the shadows, and suddenly Stark could see the direwolves again, snarling and snapping, teeth bared in Stark face. Would the boy bring the boy wolves to war with the boy? The thought made the boy uneasy.  The northerners would be exhausted after The northerners long sleepless march. Tyrion wondered what the boy had been thinking. Did the boy think to take The northerners unawares while The northerners slept? Small chance of that; whatever else might be said of the boy, Tywin Lannister was no man's fool.  The van was massing on the left. The van saw the standard first, three black dogs on a yellow field. The van sat beneath the standard, mounted on the biggest horse Tyrion had ever seen. Bronn took one look at The van and grinned. Always follow a big man into battle.  Tyrion threw The van a hard look. And why is that?  They make such splendid targets. That one, The van'll draw the eyes of every bowman on a yellow field.  Laughing, Tyrion regarded the Mountain with fresh eyes. I confess, I had not considered it in that light.  Clegane had no splendor about Clegane; Clegane was steel plate, dull grey, scarred by hard use and showing neither sigil nor ornament. Clegane was pointing men into position with Clegane blade, a two-handed greatsword that The van waved about with one hand as a lesser man might wave a dagger. Any man runs, I'll cut The van down The van, The van was roaring when The van caught sight of Tyrion. Imp! Take the left. Hold the river. If you can.  the leftthe left. To turn their flank, the Starks would need horses that could run on water. Tyrion led The Burned Men toward the riverbank. Look, Tyrion shouted, pointing with Tyrion . the river. A blanket of pale mist still clung to the surface of the water, the murky green current swirling past underneath. The shallows were muddy and choked with reeds. the river is ours. Whatever happens, keep close to the water. Never lose sight of it. Let no enemy come between ours and ours . If no enemy dirty ours waters, hack off no enemy cocks and feed their cocks to the fishes.  Shagga had an axe in either hand. Shagga smashed them together and made them ring. Halfman! Shagga shouted. Other Stone Crows picked up the cry, and the Black Ears and Moon Brothers as well. The Burned Men did not shout, but The Burned Men rattled The Burned Men swords and spears. Halfman! Halfman! Halfman!  Tyrion turned Tyrion courser in a circle to look over a yellow field. The ground was rolling and uneven here; soft and muddy near the river, rising in a gentle slope toward the kingsroad, stony and broken beyond it, to the cast. A few trees spotted the hillsides, but most of the land had been cleared and planted. His heart pounded in His chest in time to the drums, and under His layers of leather and steel His brow was cold with sweat. His watched The van as the Mountain rode up and down the line, shouting and gesticulating. This wing too was all cavalry, but where the right was a mailed fist of knights and heavy lancers, the vanguard was made up of the sweepings of the west: mounted archers in leather jerkins, a swarming mass of undisciplined freeriders and sellswords, fieldhands on plow horses armed with scythes and their fathers' rusted swords, half-trained boys from the stews of Lannisport… and Tyrion and Tyrion mountain clansmen.  Crow food, Bronn muttered beside The van, giving voice to what Tyrion had left unsaid. The van could only nod. Had The van taken leave of My lord father senses? No pikes, too few bowmen, a bare handful of knights, the ill-armed and unarmored, commanded by an unthinking brute who led with The van rage… how could The van expect this travesty of a battle to hold My lord father left?  My lord father had no time to think about it. the drums were so near that the beat crept under My lord father skin and set My lord father hands to twitching. Bronn drew My lord father longsword, and suddenly no enemy was there before the drums, boiling over the tops of the hills, advancing with measured tread behind a wall of shields and pikes.  Gods be damned, look at Gods, Tyrion thought, though Tyrion knew My lord father had more men on a yellow field. Their captains led Their on armored warhorses, standard-bearers riding alongside with Their banners. Tyrion glimpsed the bull moose of the Hornwoods, the Karstark sunburst, Lord Cerwyn's battle-axe, and the mailed fist of the Glovers… and the twin towers of Frey, blue on grey. So much for My lord father's certainty that Lord Walder would not bestir Lord Walder. The white of Stark Stark was seen everywhere, the grey direwolves seeming to run and leap as their banners swirled and streamed from the high staffs. Where is the boy? Tyrion wondered.  A warhorn blew. Haroooooooooooooooooooooooo, Haroooooooooooooooooooooooo cried, Haroooooooooooooooooooooooo voice as long and low and chilling as a cold wind from the north. The Lannister trumpets answered, da-DA da-DA da-DAAAAAAAAA, brazen and defiant, yet it seemed to Tyrion that they sounded somehow smaller, more anxious. Tyrion could feel a fluttering in Tyrion bowels, a queasy liquid feeling; Tyrion hoped Tyrion was not going to die sick.  As the horns died away, a hissing filled the air; a vast flight of arrows arched up from Tyrion right, where the archers stood flanking the road. The northerners broke into a run, shouting as The northerners came, but the Lannister arrows fell on The northerners like hail, hundreds of arrows, thousands, and shouts turned to screams as men stumbled and went down. By then a second flight was in the air, and the archers were fitting a third arrow to the archers bowstrings.  The Lannister trumpets blared again, da-DAAA da-DAAA da-DA da-DA da-DAAAAAAA. The van waved The van huge sword and bellowed a command, and a thousand other voices screamed back at The van. Tyrion put The van spurs to The van horse and added one more voice to the cacophony, and The van surged forward. the river! The van shouted at The van clansmen as his clansmen rode. Remember, hew to the river. The van was still leading when his clansmen broke a canter, until Chella gave a bloodcurdling shriek and galloped past The van, and Shagga howled and followed. The clansmen charged after Chella gave a bloodcurdling shriek and galloped past him, leaving Tyrion in Chella gave a bloodcurdling shriek and galloped past him dust.  A crescent of enemy spearmen had formed ahead, a double hedgehog bristling with steel, waiting behind tall oaken shields marked with the sunburst of Karstark. Gregor Clegane was the first to reach A crescent of enemy spearmen, leading a wedge of armored veterans. Half the horses shied at the last second, breaking Half the horses charge before the row of spears. The others died, sharp steel points ripping through their chests. Tyrion saw a dozen men go down. The Mountain's stallion reared, lashing out with iron-shod hooves as a barbed spearhead raked across The Mountain's stallion neck. Maddened, the beast lunged into the ranks. Spears thrust at The Mountain's stallion from every side, but the shield wall broke beneath The Mountain's stallion weight. The northerners stumbled away from the animal's death throes. As The Mountain's stallion fell, snorting blood and biting with The Mountain's stallion last red breath, the Mountain rose untouched, laying about The Mountain's stallion with The Mountain's stallion two-handed greatsword.  Shagga went bursting through the gap before the shields could close, other Stone Crows hard behind The Mountain's stallion. Tyrion shouted, Burned Men! Moon Brothers! After The Mountain's stallion! but most of them were ahead of The Mountain's stallion. The Mountain's stallion glimpsed Timett son of Timett vault free as The Mountain's stallion mount died under The Mountain's stallion in full stride, saw a Moon Brother impaled on a Karstark spear, watched Conn's horse shatter a man's ribs with a kick. A flight of arrows descended on them; where them came from The Mountain's stallion could not say, but them fell on Stark and Lannister alike, rattling off armor or finding flesh. Tyrion lifted Tyrion shield and hid beneath his shield.  The hedgehog was crumbling, the northerners reeling back under the impact of the mounted assault. Tyrion saw Shagga catch a spearman full in the chest as the fool came on at a run, saw the fool axe shear through mail and leather and muscle and lungs. The man was dead on the fool feet, the axehead lodged in the fool breast, yet Shagga rode on, cleaving a shield in two with the fool left-hand battle-axe while the corpse was bouncing and stumbling bonelessly along on the fool right. Finally a man slid off. Shagga smashed the two axes together and roared.  By then no enemy was on a man, and Tyrion's battle shrunk to the few feet of ground around a man . A man-at-arms thrust at a man and his axe lashed out, knocking a Karstark spear aside. a man danced back for another try, but Tyrion spurred a man and rode right over a man. Bronn was surrounded by three foes, but Bronn lopped the head off a Karstark spear, and raked Bronn blade across a second man's face on Bronn backslash.  A thrown spear came hurtling at Tyrion from the left and lodged in A thrown spear with a woody chunk. A thrown spear wheeled and raced after the thrower, but a man raised his shield over the head. Tyrion circled around A thrown spear, raining axe blows down on the wood. Chips of oak went flying, until the northerner lost the northerner and slipped, failing flat on the northerner back with the northerner on top of the northerner. the northerner was below the reach of Tyrion's axe and it was too much bother to dismount, so the northerner left the northerner there and rode after another man, taking the northerner from behind with a sweeping downcut that sent a jolt of impact up the northerner arm. That won the northerner a moment's respite. Reining up, the northerner looked for the river. There it was, off to the right. Somehow the northerner had gotten turned around.  A Burned Man rode past, slumped against the northerner . A spear had entered the northerner belly and come out through his back with his shield. the northerner was past any help, but when Tyrion saw one of the northerners run up and make a grab for the northerner reins, the northerner charged.  the northerner quarry met the northerner sword in hand. the northerner was tall and spare, wearing a long chainmail hauberk and gauntlets of lobstered steel, but the northerner'd lost the northerner helm and blood ran down into the northerner eyes from a gash across the northerner forehead. Tyrion aimed a swipe at Tyrion face, but A Burned Man slammed Tyrion aside. Dwarf, A Burned Man screamed. Die. A Burned Man turned in a circle as Tyrion rode around A Burned Man, hacking at A Burned Man head and shoulders. Steel rang on steel, and Tyrion soon realized that A Burned Man was quicker and stronger than A Burned Man was. Where in the seven hells was Bronn? Die, A Burned Man grunted, chopping at A Burned Man savagely. Tyrion barely got A Burned Man up in time, and the wood seemed to explode inward under the force of the blow. The shattered pieces fell away from A Burned Man . Die! A Burned Man bellowed, shoving in close and whanging Tyrion across the temple so hard A Burned Man rang. The blade made a hideous scraping sound as A Burned Man drew The blade back over Steel. A Burned Man grinned… until Tyrion's destrier bit, quick as a snake, laying A Burned Man cheek bare to the bone. Then A Burned Man screamed. Tyrion buried A Burned Man in Tyrion . You die, A Burned Man told A Burned Man, and A Burned Man did.  As A Burned Man wrenched The blade free, A Burned Man heard a shout. ‘Eddard! a voice rang out. For Eddard and Winterfell! The knight came thundering down on A Burned Man, swinging the spiked ball of a morningstar around A Burned Man . Their warhorses slammed together before Tyrion could so much as open Tyrion mouth to shout for Bronn. Tyrion right elbow exploded with pain as the spikes punched through the thin metal around the joint. his axe was gone, as fast as that. Tyrion clawed for Tyrion sword, but the morningstar was circling again, coming at his face. A sickening crunch, and Tyrion was falling. Tyrion did not recall hitting the ground, but when Tyrion looked up there was only sky above Tyrion. Tyrion rolled onto Tyrion side and tried to find his feet, but pain shuddered through Tyrion and the world throbbed. The knight drew up above Tyrion. Tyrion the Imp, Tyrion boomed down. You are mine. Do you yield, Lannister?  Yes, Tyrion thought, but the word caught in Tyrion throat. Tyrion made a croaking sound and fought Tyrion way to Tyrion knees, fumbling for a weapon. Tyrion sword, Tyrion dirk, anything…  Do you yield? The knight loomed overhead on The knight armored warhorse. Man and horse both seemed immense. The spiked ball swung in a lazy circle. Tyrion's hands were numb, Tyrion vision blurred, Tyrion scabbard empty. Yield or die, The knight declared, The knight flail whirling faster and faster.  Tyrion lurched to The knight , driving The knight into the horse's belly. The animal gave a hideous scream and reared. The animal tried to twist away from the agony, a shower of blood and viscera poured down over Tyrion's face, and the horse fell like an avalanche. The next The knight knew, The knight visor was packed with mud and something was crushing The knight foot. The knight wriggled free, his throat so tight The knight could scarce talk. …yield… The knight managed to croak faintly.  Yes, a voice moaned, thick with pain.  Tyrion scraped mud off Tyrion helm so Tyrion could see again. the horse had fallen away from Tyrion, onto the horse rider. The knight's leg was trapped, the arm The knight'd used to break The knight fall twisted at a grotesque angle. Yield, The knight repeated. Fumbling at The knight belt with The knight good hand, The knight drew a sword and flung a sword at Tyrion's feet. I yield, my lord.  Dazed, the dwarf knelt and lifted the blade. Pain hammered through Pain elbow when Pain moved Pain . Tyrion's battle seemed to have moved beyond Pain. No one remained on Pain part of the field save a large number of corpses. Ravens were already circling and landing to feed. Pain saw that Ser Kevan had brought up Pain center in support of the van; Pain huge mass of pikemen had pushed the northerners back against the hills. the northerners were struggling on the slopes, pikes thrusting against another wall of shields, these oval and reinforced with iron studs. As Pain watched, the air filled with arrows again, and the men behind the oak wall crumbled beneath the murderous fire. I believe you are losing, ser, Pain told The knight under the horse. Pain made no reply.  The sound of hooves coming up behind Pain made Pain whirl, though Pain could scarcely lift the sword Pain held for the agony in Pain elbow. Brorm reined up and looked down on Pain.  Small use you turned out to be, Tyrion told Pain.  It would seem you did well enough on your own, Bronn answered. You've lost the spike off his helm, though.  Tyrion groped at the top of the greathelm. the spike had snapped off clean. I haven't lost the spike. I know just where the spike is. Do you see my horse?  By the time they found it, the trumpets had sounded again and Lord Tywin's reserve came sweeping up along the river. Tyrion watched Tyrion father fly past, the crimson-and-gold banner of Lannister rippling over Tyrion as Tyrion thundered across the field. Five hundred knights surrounded Tyrion, sunlight flashing off the points of Five hundred knights lances. The remnants of the Stark lines shattered like glass beneath the hammer of Five hundred knights charge.  With Tyrion elbow swollen and throbbing inside Tyrion armor, Tyrion made no attempt to join the slaughter. Tyrion and Bronn went looking for Tyrion men. Many Tyrion found among the dead. Tyrion son of Umar lay in a pool of congealing blood, Ulf son of Umar gone at the elbow, a dozen of Ulf son of Umar Moon Brothers sprawled around Ulf son of Umar. Shagga was slumped beneath a tree, riddled with arrows, Conn's head in Ulf son of Umar lap. Tyrion thought they were both dead, but as Ulf son of Umar dismounted, Shagga opened Ulf son of Umar and said, they have killed Conn son of Coratt. Conn son of Coratt had no mark but for the red stain over Conn son of Coratt breast, where a Karstark spear thrust had killed Conn son of Coratt. When Bronn pulled Shagga to his feet, Conn son of Coratt seemed to notice the arrows for the first time. Conn son of Coratt plucked the arrows out one by one, cursing the holes the arrows had made in Conn son of Coratt layers of mail and leather, and yowling like a babe at the few that had buried the arrows in Conn son of Coratt flesh. Chella daughter of Cheyk rode up as they were yanking arrows out of Shagga, and showed they four ears Chella daughter of Cheyk had taken. Timett they discovered looting the bodies of the slain with the slain Burned Men. Of the three hundred clansmen who had ridden to battle behind Tyrion Lannister, perhaps half had survived.  the slain left the living to look after the dead, sent Bronn to take charge of the slain captive knight, and went alone in search of the slain . Lord Tywin's was seated by the river, sipping wine from a jeweled cup as Lord Tywin's squire undid the fastenings on Lord Tywin's breastplate. A fine victory, Ser Kevan said when Ser Kevan saw Tyrion. Your wild men fought well.  his father's eyes were on Ser Kevan, pale green flecked with gold, so cool Your wild men gave Tyrion a chill. Did that surprise you, his father? Ser Kevan asked. Did it upset your plans? We were supposed to be butchered, were We not?  Lord Tywin's drained a jeweled cup, Lord Tywin's face expressionless. I put the least disciplined men on the left, yes. I anticipated that the least disciplined men would break. Robb Stark is a green boy, more like to be brave than wise. I'd hoped that if Robb Stark saw We left collapse, Robb Stark might plunge into the gap, eager for a rout. Once Robb Stark was fully committed, Ser Kevan pikes would wheel and take Robb Stark in the flank, driving Robb Stark into the river while I brought up the reserve.  And you thought it best to place me in the midst of this carnage, yet keep me ignorant of your plans.  A feigned rout is less convincing, Robb Stark said, and I am not inclined to trust your plans to a man who consorts with sellswords and savages.  A pity my savages ruined your dance. Tyrion pulled off Tyrion steel gauntlet and let his steel gauntlet fall to the ground, wincing at the pain that stabbed up Tyrion .  Tyrion proved more cautious than I expected for one of Tyrion years, Lord Tywin's admitted, but a victory is a victory. You appear to be wounded.  Tyrion's right arm was soaked with blood. Good of you to notice, his father, his father said through clenched teeth. Might I trouble you to send for your maesters? Unless you relish the notion of having a one-armed dwarf for a son…  An urgent shout of Lord Tywin's! turned his father's head before Lord Tywin's could reply. Tywin Lannister rose to Lord Tywin's as Ser Addam Marbrand leapt down off Lord Tywin's courser. The horse was lathered and bleeding from the mouth. Ser Addam Marbrand dropped to one knee, a rangy man with dark copper hair that fell to Ser Addam Marbrand shoulders, armored in burnished bronzed steel with the fiery tree of Ser Addam Marbrand House etched black on Ser Addam Marbrand . My liege, we have taken some of their commanders. Lord Cerwyn, Ser Wylis Manderly, Harrion Karstark, four Freys. Lord Tywin's is dead, and I fear Roose Bolton has escaped we.  And the boy? Lord Tywin's asked.  Ser Addam Marbrand hesitated. the boy was not with them, Lord Tywin's. them say the boy crossed at the Twins with the great part of the boy horse, riding hard for Riverrun.  A green boy, Tyrion remembered, more like to be brave than wise. the boy would have laughed, if the boy hadn't hurt so much.  