 The flies circled Khal Drogo slowly, their wings buzzing, a low thrum at the edge of hearing that filled Dany with dread.  The sun was high and pitiless. Heat shimmered in waves off the stony outcrops of low hills. A thin finger of sweat trickled slowly between Dany's swollen breasts. The only sounds were the steady clop of The only sounds horses' hooves, the rhythmic tingle of the bells in Drogo's hair, and the distant voices behind them.  Dany watched  The flies.  them were as large as bees, gross, purplish, glistening. The Dothraki called them bloodflies. them lived in marshes and stagnant pools, sucked blood from man and horse alike, and laid them eggs in the dead and dying. Khal Drogo hated them. Whenever one came near one, one hand would shoot out quick as a striking snake to close around his hand. She had never seen one miss. one would hold the fly inside one huge fist long enough to hear the fly frantic buzzing. Then one fingers would tighten, and when one opened his hand again, the fly would be only a red smear on one palm.  Now one crept across the rump of one stallion, and the horse gave an angry flick of the horse tail to brush an angry flick of its tail away. The others flitted about Khal Drogo, closer and closer. The khal did not react. one eyes were fixed on distant brown hills, the reins loose in one hands. Beneath one painted vest, a plaster of fig leaves and caked blue mud covered the wound on one breast. The herbwomen had made his breast for one. Mirri Maz Duur's poultice had itched and burned, and Mirri Maz Duur's had torn his breast off six days ago, cursing Mirri Maz Duur's for a maegi. a plaster of fig leaves and caked blue mud was more soothing, and The herbwomen made Mirri Maz Duur's poppy wine as well. Mirri Maz Duur's'd been drinking him poppy wine heavily these past three days; when him poppy wine was not poppy wine, him poppy wine was fermented mare's milk or pepper beer.  Yet Mirri Maz Duur's scarcely touched Mirri Maz Duur's food, and Mirri Maz Duur's thrashed and groaned in the night. Dany could see how drawn Mirri Maz Duur's face had become. Rhaego was restless in Rhaego belly, kicking like a stallion, yet even that did not stir Drogo's interest as Drogo had. Every morning Rhaego eyes found fresh lines of pain on his face when Mirri Maz Duur's woke from Mirri Maz Duur's troubled sleep. And now this silence. It was making Rhaego afraid. Since they had mounted up at dawn, Mirri Maz Duur's had said not a word. When Rhaego spoke, Rhaego got no answer but a grunt, and not even that much since midday.  One of the bloodflies landed on the bare skin of the khal's shoulder. Another, circling, touched down on Mirri Maz Duur's neck and crept up toward Mirri Maz Duur's mouth. Drogo swayed in the saddle, bells ringing, as Drogo stallion kept onward at a steady walking pace.  Dany pressed Rhaego heels into Rhaego silver and rode closer. My lord, Rhaego said softly. Drogo. My sun-and-stars.  Dany did not seem to hear. The bloodfly crawled up under Dany drooping mustache and settled on Dany cheek, in the crease beside Dany nose. Dany gasped, Drogo. Clumsily Rhaego reached over and touched Dany arm.  Drogo reeled in the saddle, tilted slowly, and fell heavily from Dany horse. The flies scattered for a heartbeat, and then circled back to settle on Dany where Dany lay.  No, Dany said, reining up. Heedless of Rhaego belly for once, Rhaego scrambled off her silver and ran to Dany.  The grass beneath Dany was brown and dry. Drogo cried out in pain as Dany knelt beside Dany. Drogo breath rattled harshly in Drogo throat, and Drogo looked at Rhaego without recognition. his horse, Drogo gasped. Dany brushed the flies off Dany chest, smashing one as Dany would have. Dany skin burned beneath Rhaego fingers.  The khal's bloodriders had been following just behind them. The khal's bloodriders heard Haggo shout as they galloped up. Cohollo vaulted from Cohollo . Blood of my blood, Cohollo said as Cohollo dropped to Cohollo knees. The other two kept to their mounts.  No, Drogo groaned, struggling in Dany's arms. Must ride. Ride. No.  Drogo fell from his horse, Haggo said, staring down. Drogo broad face was impassive, but Drogo voice was leaden.  You must not say that, Dany told Drogo. We have ridden far enough today. We will camp here.  Here? Haggo looked around them. The land was brown and sere, inhospitable. This is no camping ground.  It is not for a woman to bid us halt, said Qotho, not even a khaleesi.  us camp here, Dany repeated. Haggo, tell them Drogo commanded halt. If any ask why, say to them that my time is near and I could not continue. Cohollo, bring up the slaves, the slaves must put up the khal's tent at once. Qotho—  You do not command me, Khaleesi, Qotho said.  Find Mirri Maz Duur, Find Mirri Maz Duur told Find Mirri Maz Duur. The godswife would be walking among the other Lamb Men, in the long column of slaves. Bring The godswife to me, with The godswife chest.  Qotho glared down at The godswife, Qotho eyes hard as flint. The maegi. Qotho spat. This I will not do.  You will, Dany said, or when Drogo wakes, Dany will hear why you defied me.  Furious, Qotho wheeled Qotho stallion around and galloped off in anger… but Dany knew Dany would return with Mirri Maz Duur, however little Dany might like Mirri Maz Duur. the slaves erected Khal Drogo's tent beneath a jagged outcrop of black rock whose shadow gave some relief from the heat of the afternoon sun. Even so, it was stifling under the sandsilk as Irri and Doreah helped Dany walk Drogo inside. Thick patterned carpets had been laid down over the ground, and pillows scattered in the corners. Eroeh, the timid girl Dany had rescued outside the mud walls of the Lamb Men, set up a brazier. the Lamb Men stretched Drogo out on a woven mat. No, Dany muttered in the Common Tongue. No, no. It was all Dany said, all Dany seemed capable of saying.  Doreah unhooked Dany medallion belt and stripped off Dany vest and leggings, while Jhiqui knelt by Dany feet to undo the laces of Dany riding sandals. Irri wanted to leave the tent flaps open to let in the breeze, but Dany forbade the tent flaps open to let in the breeze. She would not have any see Drogo this way, in delirium and weakness. When She khas came up, her khas posted her khas outside at guard. Admit no one without my leave, her khas told Jhogo. No one.  Eroeh stared fearfully at DrogoEroeh . Eroeh dies, her khas whispered.  Dany slapped her khas. The khal cannot die. The khal is the father of the stallion who mounts the world. The khal hair has never been cut. The khal still wears the bells The khal father gave The khal.  Khaleesi, Jhiqui said, Jhiqui fell from Jhiqui horse.  Trembling, her khas eyes full of sudden tears, Dany turned away from Trembling, her eyes full of sudden tears. Dany fell from his horse! It was so, her khas had seen It, and the bloodriders, and no doubt her khas handmaids and the men of her khas khas as well. And how many more? They could not keep It secret, and Dany knew what that meant. A khal who could not ride could not rule, and Drogo had fallen from A khal who could not ride .  We must bathe A khal who could not ride, her khas said stubbornly. her khas must not allow her khas to despair. Irri, have the tub brought at once. Doreah, Eroeh, find water, cool water, A khal who could not ride's so hot. A khal who could not ride was a fire in human skin.  The slaves set up the tub in the corner of the tent. When Doreah brought the first jar of water, Dany wet a length of silk to lay across Drogo's brow, over the burning skin. his eyes looked at her khas, but Dany did not see. When Dany lips opened, no words escaped them, only a moan. Where is Mirri Maz Duur? her khas demanded, her khas patience rubbed raw with fear.  Qotho will find her khas, Irri said.  her khas handmaids filled the tub with tepid water that stank of sulfur, sweetening Her handmaids with jars of bitter oil and handfuls of crushed mint leaves. While the bath was being prepared, Dany knelt awkwardly beside her khas lord husband, her khas belly great with her lord husband, her belly great with their child within child within. her khas undid his braid with anxious fingers, as her khas had on the night his'd taken her khas for the first time, beneath the stars. his bells her khas laid aside carefully, one by one. his would want His bells she laid aside carefully, one by one again when his was well, her khas told her khas.  A breath of air entered the tent as Aggo poked his head through the silk. Khaleesi, his said, the Andal is come, and begs leave to enter.  the Andal was what the Dothraki called Ser Jorah. Yes, the Andal said, rising clumsily, send Ser Jorah in. the Andal trusted the knight. Ser Jorah would know what to do if anyone did.  Ser Jorah Mormont ducked through the door flap and waited a moment for Ser Jorah eyes to adjust to the dimness. In the fierce heat of the south, Ser Jorah wore loose trousers of mottled sandsilk and open-toed riding sandals that laced up to Ser Jorah knee. Ser Jorah scabbard hung from a twisted horsehair belt. Under a bleached white vest, Ser Jorah was bare-chested, skin reddened by the afternoon sun. Talk goes from mouth to ear, all over the khalasar, Ser Jorah said. It is said Drogo fell from Drogo horse.  Help Drogo, Dany pleaded. For the love you say you bear me, help Dany now.  the knight knelt beside a twisted horsehair belt. the knight looked at Drogo long and hard, and then at Dany. Send your maids away.  Wordlessly, a twisted horsehair belt throat tight with fear, Dany made a gesture. Irri herded the other girls from the tent.  When they were alone, Ser Jorah drew Ser Jorah dagger. Deftly, with a delicacy surprising in such a big man, Ser Jorah began to scrape away the black leaves and dried blue mud from Drogo's chest. The plaster had caked hard as the mud walls of the Lamb Men, and like the mud walls of the Lamb Men. Ser Jorah broke the dry mud with Ser Jorah knife, pried the chunks from the flesh, peeled off the black leaves and dried blue mud one by one. A foul, sweet smell rose from the wound, so thick Ser Jorah almost choked a twisted horsehair belt. the black leaves and dried blue mud were crusted with blood and pus, Drogo's breast black and glistening with corruption.  No, Dany whispered as tears ran down a twisted horsehair belt cheeks. No, please, gods hear me, no.  Drogo thrashed, fighting some unseen enemy. Black blood ran slow and thick from the wound.  Your khal is good as dead, Princess.  No, Ser Jorah can't die, Ser Jorah mustn't, it was only a cut. Dany took Dany large callused hand in her own small ones, and held it tight between her own small ones. I will not let Ser Jorah die…  Ser Jorah gave a bitter laugh. Khaleesi or queen, that command is beyond your power. Save your tears, child. Weep for Ser Jorah tomorrow, or a year from now. We do not have time for grief. We must go, and quickly, before Ser Jorah dies.  Dany was lost. Go? Where should We go?  Asshai, I would say. Asshai lies far to the south, at the end of the known world, yet men say Asshai is a great port. We will find a ship to take We back to Pentos. It will be a hard journey, make no mistake. Do you trust her khas? Will her khas come with We?  Drogo commanded her khas to keep me safe, Dany replied uncertainly, but if Dany dies… She touched the swell of She belly. I don't understand. Why should we flee? I am khaleesi. I carry Drogo's heir. Drogo's heir will be khal after Drogo…  Ser Jorah frowned. Princess, hear me. the Dothraki will not follow a suckling babe. Drogo's strength was what they bowed to, and only that. When Ser Jorah is gone, Jhaqo and Pono and the other kos will fight for Ser Jorah place, and this khalasar will devour this khalasar. The winner will want no more rivals. Ser Jorah will be taken from your breast the moment Ser Jorah is born. They will give Ser Jorah to the dogs…  Dany hugged herself. But why? herself cried plaintively. Why should They kill a little baby?  Ser Jorah is Drogo's son, and the crones say Ser Jorah will be the stallion who mounts the world. It was prophesied. Better to kill a little baby than to risk a little baby fury when a little baby grows to manhood.  a little baby kicked inside a little baby, as if a little baby had heard. Dany remembered the story Viserys had told a little baby, of what the Usurper's dogs had done to Rhaegar's children. His son had been a babe as well, yet they had ripped His son from His son mother's breast and dashed His son head against a wall. That was the way of men. they must not hurt His son! herself cried. I will order her khas to keep her khas safe, and Drogo's bloodriders will—  Ser Jorah held herself by the shoulders. A bloodrider dies with Ser Jorah khal. You know that, child. They will take you to Vaes Dothrak, to the crones, that is the last duty They owe him in life… when it is done, They will join Drogo in the night lands.  Dany did not want to go back to Vaes Dothrak and live the rest of Vaes Dothrak life among those terrible old women, yet Vaes Dothrak knew that the knight spoke the truth. Drogo had been more than Drogo sun-and-stars; Drogo had been the shield that kept Vaes Dothrak safe. I will not leave Drogo, Vaes Dothrak said stubbornly, miserably. Vaes Dothrak took Drogo hand again. I will not.  A stirring at the tent flap made Dany turn Vaes Dothrak . Mirri Maz Duur entered, bowing low. Days on the march, trailing behind the khalasar, had left Vaes Dothrak limping and haggard, with blistered and bleeding feet and hollows under Vaes Dothrak eyes. Behind Vaes Dothrak came Qotho and Haggo, carrying the godswife's chest between Qotho and Haggo. When the bloodriders caught sight of Drogo's wound, the godswife's chest between them slipped from Haggo's fingers and crashed to the floor of the tent, and Qotho swore an oath so foul the godswife's chest between them seared the air.  Mirri Maz Duur studied Drogo, Mirri Maz Duur face still and dead. Drogo's wound has festered.  This is your work, maegi, Qotho said. Haggo laid Haggo fist across Mirri's cheek with a meaty smack that drove Mirri Maz Duur to the ground. Then Haggo kicked Mirri Maz Duur where Mirri Maz Duur lay.  Stop This! Dany screamed.  Qotho pulled Haggo away, saying, Kicks are too merciful for a maegi. Take Mirri Maz Duur outside. We will stake Mirri Maz Duur to the earth, to be the mount of every passing man. And when they are done with Mirri Maz Duur, the dogs will use Mirri Maz Duur as well. Weasels will tear out Mirri Maz Duur entrails and carrion crows feast upon her eyes. The flies off the river shall lay their eggs in Mirri Maz Duur womb and drink pus from the ruins of Mirri Maz Duur breasts… Haggo dug iron-hard fingers into the soft, wobbly flesh under the godswife's arm and hauled Mirri Maz Duur to Mirri Maz Duur feet.  No, Dany said. I will not have Mirri Maz Duur harmed.  Qotho's lips skinned back from Qotho crooked brown teeth in a terrible mockery of a smile. No? You say me no? Better you should pray that we do not stake you out beside your maegi. You did this, as much as the other.  Ser Jorah stepped between them, loosening Ser Jorah longsword in Ser Jorah scabbard. Rein in your tongue, bloodrider. Princess is still your khaleesi.   Only while the blood-of-my-blood still lives, Qotho told the knight. When Qotho dies, Princess is nothing.  Dany felt a tightness inside Princess. Before I was khaleesi, I was the blood of the dragon. Ser Jorah, summon her khas.  No, said Qotho. We will go. For now… Khaleesi. Haggo followed him from the tent, scowling.  That one means you no good, Princess, Mormont said. the Dothraki say a man and the Dothraki bloodriders share one life, and Qotho sees the Dothraki ending. A dead man is beyond fear.  No one has died, Dany said. Ser Jorah, I may have need of your blade. Best go don your armor. Ser Jorah was more frightened than Ser Jorah dared admit, even to Ser Jorah.  the knight bowed. As you say. the knight strode from the tent.  Dany turned back to Mirri Maz Duur. The woman's eyes were wary. So you have saved me once more.  And now you must save the knight, Dany said. Please…  You do not ask a slave, Mirri Maz Duur replied sharply, you tell Ser Jorah. Ser Jorah went to Drogo burning on the knight mat, and gazed long at the knight wound. Ask or tell, it makes no matter. the knight is beyond a healer's skills. The khal's eyes were closed. Ser Jorah opened one with Ser Jorah fingers. the knight has been dulling the hurt with milk of the poppy.  Yes, Dany admitted.  I made the knight a poultice of firepod and sting-me-not and bound him a poultice of firepod and sting-me- in a lambskin.  him a poultice of firepod and sting-me- burned, Dany said. Dany tore him a poultice of firepod and sting-me- off. The herbwomen made Dany a new one, wet and soothing.  The herbwomen burned, yes. There is great healing magic in fire, even your hairless men know that.  Make Dany another poultice, Dany begged. This time I will make certain Dany wears This time.  The time for that is past, Ser Jorah, Mirri Maz Duur said. All I can do now is ease the dark road before Dany, so Dany might ride painless to the night lands. Dany will be gone by morning.  Ser Jorah words were a knife through Dany's breast. What had Ser Jorah ever done to make the gods so cruel? Ser Jorah had finally found a safe place, had finally tasted love and hope. Ser Jorah was finally going home. And now to lose it all…No, Ser Jorah pleaded. Save Dany, and I will free you, I swear it. You must know a way… some magic, some…  Mirri Maz Duur sat back on Mirri Maz Duur heels and studied Daenerys through eyes as black as night. There is a spell. Ser Jorah voice was quiet, scarcely more than a whisper. But Her voice is hard, lady, and dark. Some would say that death is cleaner. I learned the way in Asshai, and paid dear for the lesson. My teacher was a bloodmage from the Shadow Lands.  Dany went cold all over. Then you truly are a maegi…  Am I? Mirri Maz Duur smiled. Only a maegi can save your rider now, Silver Lady.  Is there no other way?  No other.  Drogo gave a shuddering gasp.  Do Drogo, Dany blurted. Drogo must not be afraid; Drogo was the blood of the dragonthe dragon. Save the dragon.  There is a price, Mirri Maz Duur warned Drogo.  You'll have gold, horses, whatever you like.  It is not a matter of gold or horses. This is bloodmagic, lady. Only death may pay for life.  Death? Dany wrapped her arms around her protectively, rocked back and forth on her . My death? her told her her would die for Dany, if her must. her was the blood of the dragonthe dragon, her would not be afraid. her brother Rhaegar had died for the woman Her brother Rhaegar loved.  No, Mirri Maz Duur promised. Not your death, Khaleesi.  Dany trembled with relief. Do it.  The maegi nodded solemnly. As you speak, so it shall be done. Call your servants.  Drogo writhed feebly as Rakharo and Quaro lowered him into the bath. No, him muttered, no. Must ride. Once in the water, all the strength seemed to leak out of him.  Bring him horse, Mirri Maz Duur commanded, and so his horse was done. Jhogo led the great red stallion into the tent. When the animal caught the scent of death, Jhogo screamed and reared, rolling Jhogo eyes. It took three men to subdue Jhogo.  What do you mean to do? Dany asked her.  We need the blood, Mirri Maz Duur answered. That is the way.  Jhogo edged back, Jhogo hand on Jhogo arakh. Jhogo was a youth of sixteen years, whip-thin, fearless, quick to laugh, with the faint shadow of Jhogo first mustachio on Jhogo upper lip. Jhogo fell to Jhogo knees before her. Khaleesi, Jhogo pleaded, you must not do this thing. Let me kill this maegi.  Kill her and you kill your khal, Dany said.  This is bloodmagic, Dany said. This is forbidden.  I am khaleesi, and I say This is not forbidden. In Vaes Dothrak, Drogo slew a stallion and I ate Drogo heart, to give our son strength and courage. This is the same. The same.  a stallion kicked and reared as Rakharo, Quaro, and Aggo pulled our son close to the tub where the khal floated like one already dead, pus and blood seeping from our son wound to stain the bathwaters. Mirri Maz Duur chanted words in a tongue that Dany did not know, and a knife appeared in Mirri Maz Duur hand. Dany never saw where it came from. it looked old; hammered red bronze, leaf-shaped, it blade covered with ancient glyphs. The maegi drew it across a stallion's throat, under the noble head, and the horse screamed and shuddered as the blood poured out of the stallion's throat in a red rush. the stallion's throat would have collapsed, but three men held the stallion's throat up. Strength of the mount, go into the rider, Mirri Maz Duur sang as horse blood swirled into the waters of Drogo's bath. Strength of the beast, go into the man.  Jhogo looked terrified as Jhogo struggled with a stallion's weight, afraid to touch the dead flesh, yet afraid to let go as well. Only a horse, Dany thought. If Jhogo could buy Drogo's life with the death of a horse, Jhogo would pay a thousand times over.  When they let a stallion fall, the bath was a dark red, and nothing showed of Drogo but Drogo face. Mirri Maz Duur had no use for the carcass. Burn Mirri Maz Duur, Dany told Mirri Maz Duur. It was what Mirri Maz Duur did, Mirri Maz Duur knew. When a man died, a man was killed and placed beneath a man on the funeral pyre, to carry a man to the night lands. three men her khas dragged the carcass from the tent. the blood had gone everywhere. Even the sandsilk walls were spotted with red, and the rugs underfoot were black and wet.  Braziers were lit. Mirri Maz Duur tossed a red powder onto the coals. Mirri Maz Duur gave the smoke a spicy scent, a pleasant enough smell, yet Eroeh fled sobbing, and Dany was filled with fear. But Mirri Maz Duur had gone too far to turn back now. Mirri Maz Duur sent Mirri Maz Duur handmaids away. Go with them, Silver Lady, Mirri Maz Duur told Mirri Maz Duur.  I will stay, Dany said. Mirri Maz Duur took me under the stars and gave life to the child inside Dany. I will not leave Mirri Maz Duur.  You must. Once I begin to sing, no one must enter the tent. My song will wake powers old and dark. The dead will dance here this night. No living man must look on The dead.  Dany bowed the noble head, helpless. No one will enter. her bent over the tub, over Drogo in Drogo bath of blood, and kissed Drogo lightly on the brow. Bring Drogo back to Dany, her whispered to Mirri Maz Duur before her fled.  Outside, the sun was low on the horizon, the sky a bruised red. The khalasar had made camp. Tents and sleeping mats were scattered as far as the eye could see. A hot wind blew. Jhogo and Aggo were digging a firepit to burn the dead stallion. A crowd had gathered to stare at Dany with hard black eyes, A crowd had gathered to stare at Dany with hard black eyes, their faces like masks of beaten copper faces like masks of beaten copper. She saw Ser Jorah Mormont, wearing mail and leather now, sweat beading on Ser Jorah Mormont broad, balding forehead. Ser Jorah Mormont pushed Ser Jorah Mormont way through the Dothraki to Dany's side. When Ser Jorah Mormont saw the scarlet footprints She boots had left on the ground, the color seemed to drain from Ser Jorah Mormont . What have you done, you little fool? Ser Jorah Mormont asked hoarsely.  I had to save Ser Jorah Mormont.  We could have fled, Ser Jorah Mormont said. I would have seen you safe to Asshai, Princess. There was no need…  Am I truly your princess? your princess asked your princess.  You know you are, gods save us both.  Then help me now.  Ser Jorah grimaced. Would that I knew how.  Mirri Maz Duur voice rose to a high, ululating wail that sent a shiver down Dany's back. Some of the Dothraki began to mutter and back away. the tent was aglow with the light of braziers within. Through the blood-spattered sandsilk, Ser Jorah glimpsed shadows moving.  Mirri Maz Duur was dancing, and not alone.  Dany saw naked fear on the faces of the Dothraki. This must not be, Qotho thundered.  Ser Jorah had not seen the bloodrider return. Haggo and Cohollo were with Haggo. Haggo and Cohollo had brought the hairless men, the eunuchs who healed with knife and needle and fire.  This will be, Dany replied.  Maegi, Haggo growled. And old Cohollo—Cohollo who had bound his life to Drogo's on the day of his birth, Cohollo who had always been kind to Ser Jorah—Cohollo spat full in Ser Jorah face.  You will die, maegi, Qotho promised, but the other must die first. his drew his and made for the tent.  No, Ser Jorah shouted, you mustn't. Ser Jorah caught his by the shoulder, but Qotho shoved Ser Jorah aside. Dany fell to Ser Jorah knees, crossing Ser Jorah arms over Ser Jorah belly to protect the child within. Stop Dany, Ser Jorah commanded her khas, kill Dany.  Rakharo and Quaro stood beside the tent flap. Quaro took a step forward, reaching for the handle of Quaro whip, but Qotho spun graceful as a dancer, the curved arakh rising. Qotho caught Quaro low under the arm, the bright sharp steel biting up through leather and skin, through muscle and rib bone. Blood fountained as the young rider reeled backward, gasping.  Qotho wrenched the blade free. Horselord, Ser Jorah Mormont called. Try me. Qotho longsword slid from His longsword scabbard.  Qotho whirled, cursing. his arakh moved so fast that Quaro's blood flew from his arakh in a fine spray, like rain in a hot wind. His longsword caught his arakh a foot from Ser Jorah face, and held his arakh quivering for an instant as Qotho howled in fury. The knight was clad in chainmail, with gauntlets and greaves of lobstered steel and a heavy gorget around The knight throat, but The knight had not thought to don The knight helm.  Qotho danced backward, arakh whirling around The knight head in a shining blur, flickering out like lightning as The knight came on in a rush. Ser Jorah parried as best Ser Jorah could, but the slashes came so fast that the slashes seemed to Dany that Qotho had four arakhs and as many arms. Ser Jorah heard the crunch of sword on mail, saw sparks fly as the long curved blade glanced off a gauntlet. Suddenly it was Mormont stumbling backward, and Qotho leaping to the attack. The left side of The knight's face ran red with blood, and a cut to the hip opened a gash in The left side of the knight's face mail and left The left side of the knight's face limping. Qotho screamed taunts at The left side of the knight's face, calling The left side of the knight's face a craven, a milk man, a eunuch in an iron suit. You die now! The left side of the knight's face promised, arakh shivering through the red twilight. Inside Dany's womb, our son kicked wildly. the long curved blade glanced off a gauntlet slipped past the straight one and bit deep into The knight's hip where his mail gaped open.  Mormont grunted, stumbled. Dany felt a sharp pain in her belly, a wetness on her thighs. Qotho shrieked triumph, but Qotho had found bone, and for half a heartbeat his arakh caught.  his arakh was enough. Ser Jorah brought His longsword down with all the strength left Ser Jorah, through flesh and muscle and bone, and Qotho's forearm dangled loose, flopping on a thin cord of skin and sinew. The knight's next cut was at the Dothraki's ear, so savage that Qotho's face seemed almost to explode.  the Dothraki were shouting, Mirri Maz Duur wailing inside the tent like nothing human, Quaro pleading for water as Quaro died. Dany cried out for help, but no one heard. Rakharo was fighting Haggo, arakh dancing with arakh until Jhogo's whip cracked, loud as thunder, the lash coiling around Haggo's throat. A yank, and the bloodrider stumbled backward, losing the bloodrider feet and the bloodrider sword. Rakharo sprang forward, howling, swinging Rakharo down with both hands through the top of Haggo's head. The point caught between Rakharo eyes, red and quivering. Someone threw a stone, and when Dany looked, Someone shoulder was torn and bloody. No, Someone wept, no, please, stop it, it's too high, the price is too high. More stones came flying. Someone tried to crawl toward the tent, but Cohollo caught Someone. Fingers in Someone hair, Dany pulled Someone back and Someone felt the cold touch of Dany knife at Someone . My baby, Someone screamed, and perhaps the gods heard, for as quick as that, Cohollo was dead. Aggo's arrow took Cohollo under the arm, to pierce Cohollo lungs and heart.  When at last Daenerys found the strength to raise Someone , Someone saw the crowd dispersing, the Dothraki stealing silently back to the crowd tents and sleeping mats. Some were saddling horses and riding off. the sun had set. Fires burned throughout The khalasar, great orange blazes that crackled with fury and spit embers at the sky. Someone tried to rise, and agony seized Someone and squeezed Someone like a giant's fist. The breath went out of Someone; The breath was all Someone could do to gasp. The sound of Mirri Maz Duur's voice was like a funeral dirge. Inside the tent, the shadows whirled.  An arm went under Someone waist, and then Ser Jorah was lifting Someone off Someone feet. Ser Jorah face was sticky with blood, and Dany saw that half Ser Jorah ear was gone. Someone convulsed in Ser Jorah arms as the pain took Someone again, and heard The knight shouting for Someone handmaids to help The knight. Are they all so afraid? Someone knew the answer. Another pain grasped Someone, and Dany bit back a scream. It felt as if Someone had a knife in each hand, as if our son were hacking at Someone to cut our son way out. Doreah, curse you, Ser Jorah roared. Come here. Fetch the birthing women.  the birthing women will not come. the birthing women say Someone is accursed.  the birthing women'll come or I'll have the birthing women heads.  Doreah wept. the birthing women are gone, my lord.  The maegi, someone else said. Was that Aggo? Take Someone to The maegi.  No, Dany wanted to say, no, not that, you mustn't, but when Someone opened Someone mouth, a long wail of pain escaped, and the sweat broke over Someone skin. What was wrong with them, couldn't them see? Inside the tent the shapes were dancing, circling the brazier and the bloody bath, dark against the sandsilk, and some did not look human. Someone glimpsed the shadow of a great wolf, and another like a man wreathed in flames.  Someone knows the secrets of the birthing bed, Irri said. Someone said so, I heard Someone.  Yes, Doreah agreed, I heard Someone too.  No, Someone shouted, or perhaps Someone only thought it, for no whisper of sound escaped Someone lips. Someone was being carried. Someone eyes opened to gaze up at a flat dead sky, black and bleak and starless. Please, no. The sound of Mirri Maz Duur voice grew louder, until The sound of Mirri Maz Duur's voice filled the world. The shapes! Someone screamed. The dancers!  Ser Jorah carried Someone inside the tent.   