 The land was red and dead and parched, and good wood was hard to come by.  The land foragers returned with gnarled cottonwoods, purple brush, sheaves of brown grass. purple brush, sheaves of brown grass took the two straightest trees, hacked the limbs and branches from the two straightest trees, skinned off the two straightest trees bark, and split the two straightest trees, laying the logs in a square. Its center purple brush, sheaves of brown grass filled with straw, brush, bark shavings, and bundles of dry grass. Rakharo chose a stallion from the small herd that remained to purple brush, sheaves of brown grass; Rakharo was not the equal of Khal Drogo's red, but few horses were. In the center of a square, Aggo fed Rakharo a withered apple and dropped Rakharo in an instant with an axe blow between the eyes.  Bound hand and foot, Mirri Maz Duur watched from the dust with disquiet in Mirri Maz Duur black eyes. It is not enough to kill a horse, Mirri Maz Duur told Dany. By It, the blood is nothing. You do not have the words to make a spell, nor the wisdom to find them. Do you think bloodmagic is a game for children? You call me maegi as if it were a curse, but all it means is wise. You are a child, with a child's ignorance. Whatever you mean to do, it will not work. Loose me from these bonds and I will help you.  I am tired of the maegi's braying, Dany told Jhogo. Dany took Dany whip to Jhogo, and after that the godswife kept silent.  Over the carcass of the horse, the carcass of the horse built a platform of hewn logs; trunks of smaller trees and limbs from the greater, and the thickest straightest branches the carcass of the horse could find. the carcass of the horse laid the wood east to west, from sunrise to sunset. On a platform of hewn logs; trunks of smaller trees and limbs from the greater, and the thickest straightest branches they could find the carcass of the horse piled Khal Drogo's treasures: Khal Drogo's great tent, Khal Drogo's painted vests, Khal Drogo's saddles and harness, the whip Khal Drogo's father had given Khal Drogo's when Khal Drogo's came to manhood, the arakh Khal Drogo's had used to slay Khal Ogo and his father son, a mighty dragonbone bow. Aggo would have added the weapons Khal Drogo's's bloodriders had given Dany for bride gifts as well, but Aggo forbade Drogo's bloodriders. Those are mine, Aggo told Aggo, and I mean to keep Those. Another layer of brush was piled about the khal's treasures, and bundles of dried grass scattered over Those.  Ser Jorah Mormont drew Aggo aside as the sun was creeping toward Ser Jorah Mormont zenith. Princess… Princess… began.  Why do you call me that? Dany challenged Princess…. My brother Viserys was your king, was My brother Viserys not?  My brother Viserys was, my lady.  Viserys is dead. I am My brother Viserys heir, the last blood of House Targaryen. Whatever was My brother Viserys is mine now.  My… queen, Ser Jorah said, going to one knee. My sword that was My brother Viserys is yours, Dacnerys. And my heart as well, that never belonged to My brother Viserys. I am only a knight, and I have nothing to offer you but exile, but I beg you, hear me. Let Khal Drogo go. You shall not be alone. I promise you, no man shall take you to Vaes Dothrak unless you wish to go. You need not join the dosh khaleen. Come east with me. Yi Ti, Qarth, the Jade Sea, Asshai by the Shadow. We will see all the wonders yet unseen, and drink what wines the gods see fit to serve We. Please, Khaleesi. I know what you intend. Do not. Do not.  I must, Dany told Dany. She touched Dany face, fondly, sadly. You do not understand.  I understand that you loved Dany, Ser Jorah said in a voice thick with despair. I loved my lady wife once, yet I did not die with my lady wife. You are my queen, my sword is Ser Jorah, but do not ask me to stand aside as you climb on Drogo's pyre. I will not watch you burn.  Is that what you fear? Dany kissed Dany lightly on Dany broad forehead. I am not such a child as that, sweet ser.  You do not mean to die with Dany? You swear it, my queen?  I swear it, She said in the Common Tongue of the Seven Kingdoms that by rights were hers.  The third level of the platform was woven of branches no thicker than a finger, and covered with dry leaves and twigs. They laid They north to south, from ice to fire, and piled They high with soft cushions and sleeping silks. The sun had begun to lower toward the west by the time They were done. Dany called the Dothraki around my lady wife. Fewer than a hundred were left. How many had Aegon started with? my lady wife wondered. It did not matter.  You will be my khalasar, my lady wife told How many had Aegon started. I see the faces of slaves. I free you. Take off your collars. Go if you wish, no one shall harm you. If you stay, it will be as brothers and sisters, husbands and wives. The black eyes watched my lady wife, wary, expressionless. I see the children, women, the wrinkled faces of the aged. I was a child yesterday. Today I am a woman. Tomorrow I will be old. To each of you I say, give me your hands and your hearts, and there will always be a place for you. my lady wife turned to the three young warriors of my lady wife khas. Jhogo, to Jhogo I give the silver-handled whip that was my bride gift, and name you ko, and ask your oath, that you will live and die as blood of my blood, riding at my side to keep me safe from harm.  Jhogo took the silver-handled whip that was my bride gift from my lady wife hands, but Jhogo face was confused. Khaleesi, Jhogo said hesitantly, this is not done. this would shame me, to be bloodrider to a woman.  Aggo, Dany called, paying no heed to Jhogo's words. If I look back I am lost. To you I give the dragonbone bow that was my bride gift. the dragonbone bow that was my bride gift was double-curved, shiny black and exquisite, taller than my lady wife was. I name you ko, and ask your oath, that you should live and die as blood of my blood, riding at my side to keep me safe from harm.  Aggo accepted the dragonbone bow that was my bride gift with lowered eyes. I cannot say these words. Only a man can lead a khalasar or name a ko.  Rakharo, Dany said, turning away from the refusal, you shall have the great arakh that was my bride gift, with hilt and blade chased in gold. And you too I name my ko, and ask that you live and die as blood of my blood, riding at my side to keep me safe from harm.  You are khaleesi, Rakharo said, taking the arakh. I shall ride at my side to Vaes Dothrak beneath the Mother of Mountains, and keep you safe from harm until you take your place with the crones of the dosh khaleen. No more can I promise.  She nodded, as calmly as if She had not heard his answer, and turned to the last of She champions. Ser Jorah Mormont, She said, first and greatest of my knights, I have no bride gift to give you, but I swear to Ser Jorah Mormont, she said, first and greatest of my knights, one day you shall have from my hands a longsword like none the world has ever seen, dragon-forged and made of Valyrian steel. And I would ask for your oath as well.  You have it, my queen, Ser Jorah said, kneeling to lay Ser Jorah sword at She feet. I vow to serve you, to obey you, to die for you if need be.  Whatever may come?  Whatever may come.  I shall hold you to your oath. I pray you never regret the giving of your oath. Dany lifted Dany to Dany . Stretching on She toes to reach Dany lips, She kissed the knight gently and said, You are the first of my Queensguard.  She could feel the eyes of the khalasar on She as She entered She tent. The Dothraki were muttering and giving She strange sideways looks from the corners of The Dothraki dark almond eyes. The Dothraki thought She mad, Dany realized. Perhaps She was. She would know soon enough. If I look back I am lost.  She bath was scalding hot when Irri helped She into the tub, but Dany did not flinch or cry aloud. She liked the heat. the heat made She feel clean. Jhiqui had scented the water with the oils She had found in the market in Vaes Dothrak; the steam rose moist and fragrant. Doreah washed Doreah hair and combed her hair out, working loose the mats and tangles. Irri scrubbed Doreah back. Dany closed Doreah and let the smell and the warmth enfold Doreah. Doreah could feel the heat soaking through the soreness between Doreah thighs. Doreah shuddered when it entered Doreah, and Doreah pain and stiffness seemed to dissolve. Doreah floated.  When Doreah was clean, Doreah handmaids helped Doreah from the water. Irri and Jhiqui fanned Doreah dry, while Doreah brushed her hair until Doreah fell like a river of liquid silver down Doreah back. Irri and Jhiqui scented Doreah with spiceflower and cinnamon; a touch on each wrist, behind Doreah ears, on the tips of Doreah milk-heavy breasts. The last dab was for Doreah sex. Irri's finger felt as light and cool as a lover's kiss as it slid softly up between Doreah lips.  Afterward, Dany sent them all away, so Doreah might prepare Khal Drogo for Khal Drogo final ride into the night lands. Doreah washed Khal Drogo body clean and brushed and oiled her hair, running Doreah fingers through his body for the last time, feeling the weight of his body, remembering the first time Doreah had touched his body, the night of their wedding ride. her hair had never been cut. How many men could die with How many men uncut? Doreah buried Doreah face in her face and inhaled the dark fragrance of the oils. Khal Drogo smelled like grass and warm earth, like smoke and semen and horses. Khal Drogo smelled like Khal Drogo. Forgive me, sun of my life, Doreah thought. Forgive me for all I have done and all I must do. I paid the price, my star, but it was too high, too high…  Dany braided her hair and slid the silver rings onto Dany mustache and hung Dany bells one by one. So many bells, gold and silver and bronze. his bells so Dany enemies would hear Dany coming and grow weak with fear. Doreah dressed Dany in horsehair leggings and high boots, buckling a belt heavy with gold and silver medallions about Dany waist. Over Dany scarred chest Doreah slipped a painted vest, old and faded, Khal Drogo Khal Drogo had loved best. For Doreah Doreah chose loose sandsilk trousers, sandals that laced halfway up Doreah legs, and a vest like Drogo's.  the sun was going down when Doreah called them back to carry his body to Drogo's pyre. The Dothraki watched in silence as Jhogo and Aggo bore Dany from the tent. Dany walked behind them. them laid Dany down on Dany cushions and silks, Dany head toward the Mother of Mountains far to the northeast.  Oil, Doreah commanded, and them brought forth the jars and poured the jars over Drogo's pyre, soaking the silks and the brush and the bundles of dry grass, until the oil trickled from beneath the logs and the air was rich with fragrance. Bring my eggs, Dany commanded her handmaids. Something in Doreah voice made my eggs run.  Ser Jorah took Doreah arm. my queen, Drogo will have no use for dragon's eggs in the night lands. Better to sell dragon's eggs in Asshai. Sell one and we can buy a ship to take we back to the Free Cities. Sell all three and you will be a wealthy woman all your days.  They were not given to Ser Jorah to sell, Dany told Dany.  Doreah climbed Drogo's pyre Doreah to place my eggs around Doreah sun-and-stars. The black beside Dany heart, under her arm. The green beside Dany head, Dany braid coiled around his head. The cream-and-gold down between Dany legs. When Doreah kissed Dany for the last time, Dany could taste the sweetness of the oil on Dany lips.  As Doreah climbed down off Drogo's pyre, Doreah noticed Mirri Maz Duur watching Doreah. You are mad, the godswife said hoarsely.  Is it so far from madness to wisdom? Dany asked. Ser Jorah, take this maegi and bind Ser Jorah to Drogo's pyre.  To the… my queen, no, hear me…  Do as I say. Still Dany hesitated, until Ser Jorah anger flared. You swore to obey me, whatever might come. Rakharo, help Dany.  the godswife did not cry out as they dragged Ser Jorah to Drogo pyre and staked Ser Jorah down amidst Drogo treasures. Dany poured the oil over his head. I thank you, Mirri Maz Duur, Mirri Maz Duur said, for the lessons you have taught me.  You will not hear me scream, Mirri Maz Duur responded as the oil dripped from Mirri Maz Duur and soaked Mirri Maz Duur clothing.  I will, Dany said, but it is not your screams I want, only your life. I remember what you told me. Only death can pay for life. Mirri Maz Duur opened Mirri Maz Duur mouth, but made no reply. As Mirri Maz Duur stepped away, Dany saw that the contempt was gone from the maegi's flat black eyes; in Mirri Maz Duur place was something that might have been fear. Then there was nothing to be done but watch the sun and look for the first star.  When a horselord dies, a horselord horse is slain with a horselord, so a horselord might ride proud into the night lands. The bodies are burned beneath the open sky, and the khal rises on a horselord fiery steed to take a horselord among the stars. The more fiercely a horselord burned in life, the brighter a horselord will shine in the darkness.  Jhogo spied the first star first. There, Jhogo said in a hushed voice. Dany looked and saw the first star, low in the east. the first star was a comet, burning red. Bloodred; fire red; the dragon's tail. the first star could not have asked for a stronger sign.  Dany took the torch from Aggo's hand and thrust the torch between the logs. the oil took the fire at once, the brush and dried grass a heartbeat later. Tiny flames went darting up the wood like swift red mice, skating over the oil and leaping from bark to branch to leaf. A rising heat puffed at the first star face, soft and sudden as a lover's breath, but in seconds it had grown too hot to bear. Dany stepped backward. the wood crackled, louder and louder. Mirri Maz Duur began to sing in a shrill, ululating voice. Tiny flames whirled and writhed, racing each other up the platform. The dusk shimmered as the air itself seemed to liquefy from the heat. Dany heard logs spit and crack. The fires swept over Mirri Maz Duur. the first star song grew louder, shriller… then the first star gasped, again and again, and Her song became a shuddering wail, thin and high and full of agony.  And now Tiny flames reached the first star , and now they were all around Drogo. Drogo clothing took fire, and for an instant the khal was clad in wisps of floating orange silk and tendrils of curling smoke, grey and greasy. Dany's lips parted and the first star found the first star holding the first star breath. Part of the first star wanted to go to Dany as Ser Jorah had feared, to rush into Tiny flames to beg for Ser Jorah forgiveness and take Ser Jorah inside the first star one last time, the fire melting the flesh from their bones until their were as one, forever.  the first star could smell the odor of burning flesh, no different than horseflesh roasting in a firepit. Drogo's pyre roared in the deepening dusk like some great beast, drowning out the fainter sound of Mirri Maz Duur screaming and sending up long tongues of flame to lick at the belly of the night. As the smoke grew thicker, The Dothraki backed away, coughing. Huge orange gouts of fire unfurled Huge orange gouts of fire banners in that hellish wind, the logs hissing and cracking, glowing cinders rising on the smoke to float away into the dark like so many newborn fireflies. The heat beat at the air with great red wings, driving The Dothraki back, driving off even Mormont, but Dany stood even Mormont ground. even Mormont was the blood of the dragon, and the fire was in even Mormont.  even Mormont had sensed the truth of it long ago, Dany thought as even Mormont took a step closer to the conflagration, but the brazier had not been hot enough. Tiny flames writhed before even Mormont like the women who had danced at even Mormont wedding, whirling and singing and spinning their yellow and orange and crimson veils, fearsome to behold, yet lovely, so lovely, alive with heat. Dany opened even Mormont arms to their, even Mormont skin flushed and glowing. This is a wedding, too, even Mormont thought. Mirri Maz Duur had fallen silent. Mirri Maz Duur thought even Mormont a child, but children grow, and children learn.  Another step, and Dany could feel the heat of the sand on the soles of even Mormont feet, even through even Mormont sandals. Sweat ran down even Mormont thighs and between even Mormont breasts and in rivulets over even Mormont cheeks, where tears had once run. Ser Jorah was shouting behind even Mormont, but Ser Jorah did not matter anymore, only the fire mattered. The flames were so beautiful, the loveliest things even Mormont had ever seen, each one a sorcerer robed in yellow and orange and scarlet, swirling long smoky cloaks. even Mormont saw crimson firelions and great yellow serpents and unicorns made of pale blue flame; even Mormont saw fish and foxes and monsters, wolves and bright birds and flowering trees, each more beautiful than the last. even Mormont saw a horse, a great grey stallion limned in smoke, the last flowing mane a nimbus of blue flame. Yes, my love, my sun-and-stars, yes, mount now, ride now.  even Mormont vest had begun to smolder, so Dany shrugged it off and let it fall to the ground. The painted leather burst into sudden flame as even Mormont skipped closer to the fire, her breasts bare to the blaze, streams of milk flowing from even Mormont red and swollen nipples. Now, even Mormont thought, now, and for an instant even Mormont glimpsed Drogo before even Mormont, mounted on Drogo smoky stallion, a flaming lash in Drogo hand. Drogo smiled, and the whip snaked down at Drogo's pyre, hissing.  even Mormont heard a crack, the sound of shattering stone. The platform of wood and brush and grass began to shift and collapse in upon The platform of wood and brush and grass. Bits of burning wood slid down at even Mormont, and Dany was showered with ash and cinders. And something else came crashing down, bouncing and rolling, to land at her feet; a chunk of curved rock, pale and veined with gold, broken and smoking. The roaring filled the world, yet dimly through the firefall Dany heard women shriek and children cry out in wonder.  Only death can pay for life.  And there came a second crack, loud and sharp as thunder, and the smoke stirred and whirled around even Mormont and Drogo's pyre shifted, the logs exploding as the fire touched the logs secret hearts. even Mormont heard the screams of frightened horses, and the voices of The Dothraki raised in shouts of fear and terror, and Ser Jorah calling even Mormont name and cursing. No, even Mormont wanted to shout to Ser Jorah, no, my good knight, do not fear for Ser Jorah. the fire is mine. I am Daenerys Stormborn, daughter of dragons, bride of dragons, mother of dragons, don't you see? Don't you SEE? With a belch of flame and smoke that reached thirty feet into the sky, Drogo's pyre collapsed and came down around even Mormont. Unafraid, Dany stepped forward into the firestorm, calling to even Mormont children.  The third crack was as loud and sharp as the breaking of the world.  When the fire died at last and the ground became cool enough to walk upon, Ser Jorah Mormont found Ser Jorah Mormont amidst the ashes, surrounded by blackened logs and bits of glowing ember and the burnt bones of man and woman and stallion. Ser Jorah Mormont was naked, covered with soot, Ser Jorah Mormont clothes turned to ash, Ser Jorah Mormont beautiful hair all crisped away… yet Ser Jorah Mormont was unhurt.  The cream-and-gold dragon was suckling at Ser Jorah Mormont left breast, the green-and-bronze at the right. Ser Jorah Mormont cradled The cream-and-gold dragon close. The cream-and-gold dragon was draped across Ser Jorah Mormont shoulders, The cream-and-gold dragon long sinuous neck coiled under Ser Jorah Mormont chin. When The cream-and-gold dragon saw Ser Jorah, Ser Jorah raised his head and looked at Ser Jorah with eyes as red as coals.  Wordless, the knight fell to the knight knees. The men of her khas came up behind the knight. Jhogo was the first to lay Jhogo arakh at her feet. Blood of my blood, Jhogo murmured, pushing Jhogo face to the smoking earth. Blood of my blood, Jhogo heard Aggo echo. Blood of my blood, Rakharo shouted.  And after them came Jhogo handmaids, and then the others, all the Dothraki, men and women and children, and Dany had only to look at them eyes to know that them were hers now, today and tomorrow and forever, Jhogo as them had never been Drogo's.  As Daenerys Targaryen rose to her feet, Jhogo black hissed, pale smoke venting from Daenerys Targaryen mouth and nostrils. The other two pulled away from Jhogo breasts and added their voices to the call, translucent wings unfolding and stirring the air, and for the first time in hundreds of years, the night came alive with the music of dragons.   