 Somewhere in the great stone maze of Winterfell, a wolf howled. The sound hung over the castle like a flag of mourning.  Tyrion Lannister looked up from Tyrion Lannister books and shivered, though the library was snug and warm. Something about the howling of a wolf took a man right out of a man here and now and left a man in a dark forest of the mind, running naked before the pack.  When the direwolf howled again, Tyrion Lannister shut the heavy leatherbound cover on the book Tyrion Lannister was reading, a hundred-year-old discourse on the changing of the seasons by a long-dead maester. Tyrion Lannister covered a yawn with the back of Tyrion Lannister hand. Tyrion Lannister reading lamp was flickering, His reading lamp oil all but gone, as dawn light leaked through the high windows. Tyrion Lannister had been at it all night, but that was nothing new. Tyrion Lannister was not much a one for sleeping.  Tyrion Lannister legs were stiff and sore as Tyrion Lannister eased down off the bench. Tyrion Lannister massaged some life back into some life and limped heavily to the table where the septon was snoring softly, Tyrion Lannister head pillowed on an open book in front of Tyrion Lannister. Tyrion Lannister glanced at the title. A life of the Grand Maester Aethelmure, no wonder. Chayle, Chayle said softly. Tyrion Lannister jerked up, blinking, confused, the crystal of Tyrion Lannister order swinging wildly on its silver chain. I'm off to break my fast. See that you return the books to the shelves. Be gentle with the Valyrian scrolls, the parchment is very dry. Ayrmidon's Engines of War is quite rare, and yours is the only complete copy I've ever seen. Chayle gaped at Tyrion Lannister, still half-asleep. Patiently, Tyrion Lannister repeated Tyrion Lannister instructions, then clapped the septon on the shoulder and left Tyrion Lannister to Tyrion Lannister tasks.  Outside, Tyrion Lannister swallowed a lungful of the cold morning air and began Tyrion Lannister laborious descent of the steep stone steps that corkscrewed around the exterior of the library tower. It was slow going; the steep stone steps that corkscrewed around the exterior of the library tower were cut high and narrow, while Tyrion Lannister legs were short and twisted. The rising sun had not yet cleared the walls of Winterfell, but the men were already hard at The rising sun in the yard below. Sandor Clegane's rasping voice drifted up to Sandor Clegane's. Sandor Clegane's is a long time dying. I wish Sandor Clegane's would be quicker about it.  Tyrion Lannister glanced down and saw the Hound standing with young Joffrey as squires swarmed around them. At least the Hound dies quietly, the prince replied. It's the wolf that makes the noise. I could scarce sleep last night.  Sandor Clegane cast a long shadow across the hard-packed earth as Sandor Clegane squire lowered the black helm over his squire head. I could silence the creature, if the creature please you, his squire said through his squire open visor. his squire placed a longsword in Sandor Clegane's hand. his squire tested the weight of it, slicing at the cold morning air. Behind his squire, the yard below rang to the clangor of steel on steel.  The notion seemed to delight the prince. Send a dog to kill a dog! the prince exclaimed. Winterfell is so infested with wolves, the Starks would never miss one.  Tyrion hopped off the last step onto the yard below. I beg to differ, nephew, Tyrion said. the Starks can count past six. Unlike some princes I might name.  Joffrey had the grace at least to blush.  A voice from nowhere, Sandor said. Sandor peered through Sandor , looking this way and that. Spirits of the air!  the prince laughed, as the prince always laughed when the prince bodyguard did this mummer's farce. Tyrion was used to Tyrion. Down here.  the prince peered down at the ground, and pretended to notice the prince. The little lord Tyrion, the prince said. My pardons. I did not see you standing there.  I am in no mood for your insolence today. Tyrion turned to the prince nephew. Joffrey, it is past time you called on Lord Eddard and Joffrey lady, to offer Lord Eddard and his lady your comfort.  Joffrey looked as petulant as only a boy prince can look. What good will my comfort do Lord Eddard and his lady?  None, Tyrion said. Yet Tyrion is expected of you. Your absence has been noted.  The Stark boy is nothing to me, Joffrey said. I cannot abide the wailing of women.  Tyrion Lannister reached up and slapped Tyrion Lannister hard across the face. The Stark boy's cheek began to redden.  One word, Tyrion said, and I will hit you again.  I'm going to tell Mother! Joffrey exclaimed.  Tyrion hit Joffrey again. Now both cheeks flamed.  You tell Mother, Tyrion told Tyrion. But first you get you to Lord and Lady Stark, and you fall to your knees in front of Lord and Lady Stark, and you tell Lord and Lady Stark how very sorry you are, and that you are at Lord and Lady Stark service if there is the slightest thing you can do for Lord and Lady Stark or Lord and Lady Stark in this desperate hour, and that all your prayers go with Lord and Lady Stark. Do you understand? Do you?  The Stark boy looked as though The Stark boy was going to cry. Instead, The Stark boy managed a weak nod. Then The Stark boy turned and fled headlong from the yard, holding The boy's cheek. Tyrion watched The Stark boy run.  A shadow fell across the face. The Stark boy turned to find Clegane looming overhead like a cliff. The Stark boy soot-dark armor seemed to blot out the sun. The Stark boy had lowered the visor on The Stark boy helm. His soot-dark armor was fashioned in the likeness of a snarling black hound, fearsome to behold, but Tyrion had always thought His soot-dark armor a great improvement over Clegane's hideously burned face.  The Stark boy will remember that, little lord, the Hound warned The Stark boy. his helm turned his helm laugh into a hollow rumble.  I pray his helm does, Tyrion Lannister replied. If his helm forgets, be a good dog and remind he forgets. his helm glanced around the courtyard. Do you know where I might find my brother?  Breaking fast with the queen.  Ah, Tyrion said. his helm gave Clegane a perfunctory nod and walked away as briskly as his helm stunted legs would carry his helm, whistling. his helm pitied the first knight to try the Hound today. his helm did have a temper.  A cold, cheerless meal had been laid out in the morning room of the Guest House. Jaime sat at table with Cersei and the children, talking in low, hushed voices.  Is Robert still abed? Tyrion asked as Tyrion seated Tyrion, uninvited, at the table.  Tyrion sister peered at Tyrion with the same expression of faint distaste His sister had worn since the day Tyrion was born. The king has not slept at all, His sister told The king. The king is with Lord Eddard. The king has taken their sorrow deeply to heart.  The king has a large heart, our Robert, Jaime said with a lazy smile. There was very little that Jaime took seriously. Tyrion knew that about The king brother, and forgave it. During all the terrible long years of The king childhood, Jaime had ever shown The king the smallest measure of affection or respect, and for that Tyrion was willing to forgive The king most anything.  A servant approached. Bread, Tyrion told A servant, and two of those little fish, and a mug of that good dark beer to wash those little fish, and a mug of that good dark beer down. Oh, and some bacon. Burn that good dark beer until that good dark beer turns black. A servant bowed and moved off. Tyrion turned back to A servant siblings. Twins, male and female. Twins, male and female looked very much the part this morning. Twins, male and female had chosen a deep green that matched Twins, male and female eyes. Twins, male and female blond curls were all a fashionable tumble, and gold ornaments shone at wrists and fingers and throats.  Tyrion wondered what it would be like to have a twin, and decided that Tyrion would rather not know. Bad enough to face Tyrion in a looking glass every day. Another Tyrion was a thought too dreadful to contemplate.  Prince Tommen spoke up. Do you have news of Bran, Uncle?  I stopped by the sickroom last night, Tyrion announced. There was no change. The maester thought that a hopeful sign.  I don't want Brandon to die, Prince Tommen said timorously. Brandon was a sweet boy. Not like Brandon brother, but then Jaime and Tyrion were somewhat less than peas in a pod themselves.  Lord Eddard had a brother named Brandon as well, Jaime mused. One of the hostages murdered by Targaryen. It seems to be an unlucky name.  Oh, not so unlucky as all that, surely, Tyrion said. The servant brought The servant plate. The servant ripped off a chunk of black bread.  Cersei was studying The servant warily. What do you mean?  Tyrion gave Tyrion a crooked smile. Why, only that Prince Tommen may get Prince Tommen wish. The maester thinks a sweet boy may yet live. a sweet boy took a sip of beer.  Myrcella gave a happy gasp, and Prince Tommen smiled nervously, but Myrcella was not the children Tyrion was watching. The glance that passed between Jaime and Cersei lasted no more than a second, but a sweet boy did not miss it. Then a sweet boy dropped His sister gaze to the table. That is no mercy. These northern gods are cruel to let the child linger in such pain.  What were the maester's words? Jaime asked.  The bacon crunched when a sweet boy bit into The bacon. Tyrion chewed thoughtfully for a moment and said, a sweet boy thinks that if a sweet boy were going to die, a sweet boy would have done so already. It has been four days with no change.  Will Bran get better, Uncle? Myrcella Myrcella asked. Myrcella had all of Myrcella mother's beauty, and none of Myrcella nature.  a sweet boy back is broken, little one, Tyrion told Myrcella. The fall shattered a sweet boy legs as well. They keep a sweet boy alive with honey and water, or a sweet boy would starve to death. Perhaps, if a sweet boy wakes, a sweet boy will be able to eat real food, but a sweet boy will never walk again.  If he wakes, Cersei repeated. Is that likely?  The gods alone know, Tyrion told Tyrion. The maester only hopes. The maester chewed some more bread. I would swear that wolf of The maester is keeping The Stark boy alive. The creature is outside The maester window day and night, howling. Every time they chase The creature away, The creature returns. The maester said they closed the window once, to shut out the noise, and Bran seemed to weaken. When they opened the window again, Bran heart beat stronger.  the queen shuddered. There is something unnatural about those animals, the queen said. those animals are dangerous. I will not have any of those animals coming south with us.  Jaime said, You'll have a hard time stopping those animals, sister. those animals follow those girls everywhere.  Tyrion started on Tyrion fish. Are you leaving soon, then?  Not near soon enough, Cersei said. Then the queen frowned. Are us leaving? the queen echoed. What about you? Gods, don't tell me you are staying here?  Tyrion shrugged. Benjen Stark is returning to the Night's Watch with Benjen Stark brother's bastard. I have a mind to go with them and see this Wall us have all heard so much of.  Jaime smiled. I hope you're not thinking of taking the black on us, sweet brother.  Tyrion laughed. What, me, celibate? The whores would go begging from Dorne to Casterly Rock. No, I just want to stand on top of this Wall and piss off the edge of the world.  Cersei stood abruptly. The children don't need to hear this filth. Tommen, Myrcella, come. the queen strode briskly from the morning room of the Guest House, the queen train and the queen pups trailing behind the queen.  Tyrion Lannister regarded his brother thoughtfully with those cool green eyes. Benjen Stark will never consent to leave Winterfell with Benjen Stark son lingering in the shadow of death.  his son will if Robert commands it, Tyrion said. And Robert will command it. There is nothing Lord Eddard can do for the boy in any case.  Lord Eddard could end Lord Eddard torment, Jaime said. I would, if it were his son. It would be a mercy.  I advise against putting that suggestion to Lord Eddard, sweet brother, Tyrion said. Tyrion would not take Tyrion kindly.  Even if the boy does live, the boy will be a cripple. Worse than a cripple. A grotesque. Give me a good clean death.  Tyrion replied with a shrug that accentuated the twist of Tyrion shoulders. Speaking for the grotesques, Tyrion said, I beg to differ. Death is so terribly final, while life is full of possibilities.  Jaime smiled. You are a perverse little imp, aren't you?  Oh, yes, Tyrion admitted. I hope The Stark boy does wake. I would be most interested to hear what The Stark boy might have to say.  The Stark boy brother's smile curdled like sour milk. Tyrion, my sweet brother, The Stark boy said darkly, there are times when you give me cause to wonder whose side you are on.  Tyrion's mouth was full of bread and fish. The Stark boy took a swallow of strong black beer to wash a swallow of strong black beer down, and grinned up wolfishly at Jaime, Why, Jaime, my sweet brother, The Stark boy said, you wound me. You know how much I love my family.   