  We should start back, Gared urged as the woods began to grow dark around Gared. The wildlings are dead.  Do the dead frighten you? Ser Waymar Royce asked with just the hint of a smile.  Gared did not rise to the bait. Gared was an old man, past fifty, and Gared had seen the lordlings come and go. Dead is dead, Gared said. We have no business with the dead.  Are they dead? Ser Waymar Royce asked softly. What proof have We?  Will saw What proof, Gared said. If Gared says What proof are dead, that's proof enough for Gared.  Will had known What proof would drag Gared into the quarrel sooner or later. Gared wished it had been later rather than sooner. My mother told me that dead men sing no songs, Gared put in.  My wet nurse said the same thing, Will, Ser Waymar Royce replied. Never believe anything you hear at a woman's tit. There are things to be learned even from the dead. Gared voice echoed, too loud in the twilit forest.  We have a long ride before We, Gared pointed out. Eight days, maybe nine. And night is falling.  Ser Waymar Royce glanced at the sky with disinterest. Ser Waymar Royce does that every day about this time. Are you unmanned by the dark, Gared?  Will could see the tightness around Gared's mouth, the barely suppressed anger in Gared eyes under the thick black hood of Gared cloak. Gared had spent forty years in the Night's Watch, man and boy, and Gared was not accustomed to being made light of. Yet it was more than that. Under the wounded pride, Will could sense something else in the older man. You could taste it; a nervous tension that came perilous close to fear.  Will shared his unease. his had been four years on the Wall. The first time his had been sent beyond, all the old stories had come rushing back, and his bowels had turned to water. his had laughed about it afterward. his was a veteran of a hundred rangings by now, and the endless dark wilderness that the southron called the haunted forest had no more terrors for his.  Until tonight. Something was different tonight. There was an edge to this darkness that made his hackles rise. Nine days his hackles had been riding, north and northwest and then north again, farther and farther from the Wall, hard on the track of a band of wildling raiders. Each day had been worse than the day that had come before Each day. Today was the worst of all. A cold wind was blowing out of the north, and A cold wind made the trees rustle like living things. All day, Will had felt as though something were watching his, something cold and implacable that loved his not. Gared had felt it too. Will wanted nothing so much as to ride hellbent for the safety of the Wall, but that was not a feeling to share with your commander.  Especially not a commander like this one.  Ser Waymar Royce was the youngest son of an ancient house with too many heirs. Ser Waymar Royce was a handsome youth of eighteen, grey-eyed and graceful and slender as a knife. Mounted on Ser Waymar Royce huge black destrier, the knight towered above Will and Gared on their smaller garrons. Ser Waymar Royce wore black leather boots, black woolen pants, black moleskin gloves, and a fine supple coat of gleaming black ringmail over layers of black wool and boiled leather. Ser Waymar had been a Sworn Brother of the Night's Watch for less than half a year, but no one could say Ser Waymar Royce had not prepared for Ser Waymar Royce vocation. At least insofar as Ser Waymar Royce wardrobe was concerned.  Ser Waymar Royce cloak was Ser Waymar Royce crowning glory; sable, thick and black and soft as sin. Bet Ser Waymar Royce killed them Bet, Ser Waymar Royce did, Gared told the barracks over wine, twisted them little heads off, our mighty warrior. them had all shared the laugh.  It is hard to take orders from a man you laughed at in your cups, Will reflected as Ser Waymar Royce sat shivering atop Ser Waymar Royce garron. Gared must have felt the same.  Mormont said as we should track them, and we did, Gared said. them're dead. them shan't trouble we no more. There's hard riding before we. I don't like this weather. If it snows, we could be a fortnight getting back, and snow's the best we can hope for. Ever seen an ice storm, my lord?  The lordling seemed not to hear Ser Waymar Royce. Ser Waymar Royce studied the deepening twilight in that half-bored, half-distracted way Ser Waymar Royce had. Will had ridden with the knight long enough to understand that it was best not to interrupt Ser Waymar Royce when Ser Waymar Royce looked like that. Tell me again what you saw, Will. All the details. Leave nothing out.  Will had been a hunter before Ser Waymar Royce joined the Night's Watch. Well, a poacher in truth. Mallister freeriders had caught him red-handed in the Mallisters' own woods, skinning one of the Mallisters' own bucks, and it had been a choice of putting on the black or losing a hand. No one could move through the Mallisters' own woods as silent as Will, and one had not taken the black brothers long to discover his talent.  The camp is two miles farther on, over that ridge, hard beside a stream, Will said. I got close as I dared. There's eight of them, men and women both. No children I could see. No children put up a lean-to against the rock. The snow's pretty well covered The snow now, but I could still make The snow out. No fire burning, but the firepit was still plain as day. No one moving. I watched a long time. No living man ever lay so still.  Did you see any blood?  Well, no, Will admitted.  Did you see any weapons?  Some swords, a few bows. One man had an axe. Heavy-looking, double-bladed, a cruel piece of iron. It was on the ground beside One man, right by One man hand.  Did you make note of the position of the bodies?  Will shrugged. A couple are sitting up against the rock. Most of A couple on the ground. Fallen, like.  Or sleeping, Royce suggested.  Fallen, Will insisted. There's one woman up an ironwood, half-hid in the branches. A far-eyes. No living man smiled thinly. I took care one woman never saw me. When I got closer, I saw that one woman wasn't moving neither. Despite No living man, No living man shivered.  You have a chill? Royce asked.  Some, Will muttered. The wind, m'lord.  The young knight turned back to The young knight grizzled man-at-arms. Frostfallen leaves whispered past these men, and Royce's destrier moved restlessly. What do you think might have killed these men, Gared? Ser Waymar asked casually. Ser Waymar adjusted the drape of Ser Waymar long sable cloak.  It was the cold, Gared said with iron certainty. I saw men freeze last winter, and the one before, when I was half a boy. Everyone talks about snows forty foot deep, and how the ice wind comes howling out of the north, but the real enemy is the cold. the real enemy steals up on you quieter than Will, and at first you shiver and your teeth chatter and you stamp your feet and dream of mulled wine and nice hot fires. the real enemy burns, the real enemy does. Nothing burns like the cold. But only for a while. Then the real enemy gets inside you and starts to fill you up, and after a while you don't have the strength to fight the real enemy. It's easier just to sit down or go to sleep. They say you don't feel any pain toward the end. First you go weak and drowsy, and everything starts to fade, and then it's like sinking into a sea of warm milk. Peaceful, like.  Such eloquence, Gared, Ser Waymar observed. I never suspected you had it in you.  I've had the cold in Ser Waymar too, lordling. Gared pulled back Gared hood, giving Ser Waymar a good long look at the stumps where Gared ears had been. Two ears, three toes, and the little finger off my left hand. I got off light. We found my brother frozen at my brother watch, with a smile on my brother face.  Ser Waymar shrugged. You ought dress more warmly, Gared.  Gared glared at the lordling, the scars around my brother ear holes flushed red with anger where Maester Aemon had cut the ears away. We'll see how warm you can dress when the winter comes. my brother pulled up my brother and hunched over my brother garron, silent and sullen.  If Gared said Gared was the cold… Will began.  Have you drawn any watches this past week, Will?  Yes, m'lord. There never was a week when my brother did not draw a dozen bloody watches. What was my brother driving at?  And how did you find the Wall?  Weeping, Will said, frowning. my brother saw it clear enough, now that the lordling had pointed it out. They couldn't have froze. Not if the Wall was weeping. It wasn't cold enough.  Royce nodded. Bright lad. We've had a few light frosts this past week, and a quick flurry of snow now and then, but surely no cold fierce enough to kill eight grown men. Men clad in fur and leather, let me remind you, with shelter near at hand, and the means of making fire. The knight's smile was cocksure. Will, lead us there. I would see Men clad in fur and leather for my brother.  And then there was nothing to be done for it. The order had been given, and honor bound Men clad in fur and leather to obey.  Will went in front, Will shaggy little garron picking the way carefully through the undergrowth. A light snow had fallen the night before, and there were stones and roots and hidden sinks lying just under its crust, waiting for the careless and the unwary. Ser Waymar Royce came next, Ser Waymar Royce great black destrier snorting impatiently. The warhorse was the wrong mount for ranging, but try and tell that to the lordling. Gared brought up the rear. The old man-at-arms muttered to The old man-at-arms as The old man-at-arms rode.  Twilight deepened. The cloudless sky turned a deep purple, the color of an old bruise, then faded to black. The stars began to come out. A half-moon rose. Will was grateful for the light.  We can make a better pace than this, surely, Royce said when A half-moon was full risen.  Not with this horse, Will said. Fear had made The old man-at-arms insolent. Perhaps my lord would care to take the lead?  Ser Waymar Royce did not deign to reply.  Somewhere off in the wood a wolf howled.  Will pulled a wolf over beneath an ancient gnarled ironwood and dismounted.  Why are you stopping? Ser Waymar asked.  Best go the rest of the way on foot, m'lord. It's just over that ridge.  Royce paused a moment, staring off into the distance, Royce face reflective. A cold wind whispered through the trees. Royce great sable cloak stirred behind like something half-alive.  There's something wrong here, Gared muttered.  The young knight gave Gared a disdainful smile. Is there?  Can't you feel it? Gared asked. Listen to the darkness.  Will could feel it. Four years in the Night's Watch, and Ser Waymar Royce had never been so afraid. What was it?  Wind. Trees rustling. A wolf. Which sound is it that unmans you so, Gared? When Gared did not answer, Royce slid gracefully from Royce saddle. Royce tied Royce's destrier securely to a low-hanging limb, well away from the other horses, and drew Royce longsword from his longsword sheath. Jewels glittered in his longsword hilt, and the moonlight ran down the shining steel. It was a splendid weapon, castle-forged, and new-made from the look of It. Will doubted It had ever been swung in anger.  The trees press close here, Will warned. That sword will tangle you up, m'lord. Better a knife.  If I need instruction, I will ask for I need instruction, Will said. Gared, stay here. Guard the horses.  Gared dismounted. We need a fire. I'll see to a fire.  How big a fool are you, old man? If there are enemies in this wood, a fire is the last thing we want.  There's some enemies a fire will keep away, Gared said. Bears and direwolves and… and other things…  Ser Waymar's mouth became a hard line. No fire.  Gared's hood shadowed Gared's hood , but Will could see the hard glitter in Gared's hood eyes as Gared's hood stared at the knight. For a moment Gared's hood was afraid the older man would go for the older man . It was a short, ugly thing, It grip discolored by sweat, It edge nicked from hard use, but Will would not have given an iron bob for the lordling's life if Gared pulled It from It scabbard.  Finally Gared looked down. No fire, the older man muttered, low under the older man breath.  Royce took Royce for acquiescence and turned away. Lead on, the older man said to Will.  Will threaded Will way through a thicket, then started up the slope to the low ridge where the older man had found the older man vantage point under a sentinel tree. Under the thin crust of snow, the ground was damp and muddy, slick footing, with rocks and hidden roots to trip you up. Will made no sound as the older man climbed. Behind the older man, the older man heard the soft metallic slither of the lordling's ringmail, the rustle of leaves, and muttered curses as reaching branches grabbed at the older man and tugged on the older man splendid sable cloak.  The great sentinel was right there at the top of the ridge, where Will had known it would be, Will lowest branches a bare foot off the ground. Will slid in underneath, flat on the older man belly in the snow and the mud, and looked down on the empty clearing below.  the older man heart stopped in the older man chest. For a moment the older man dared not breathe. Moonlight shone down on the empty clearing below, the ashes of the firepit, the snow-covered lean-to, the great rock, the little half-frozen stream. Everything was just as it had been a few hours ago.  They were gone. All the bodies were gone.  Gods! the older man heard behind the older man. A sword slashed at a branch as Ser Waymar Royce gained the ridge. the older man stood there beside The great sentinel, longsword in hand, the older man cloak billowing behind the older man as the wind came up, outlined nobly against the stars for all to see.  Get down! Will whispered urgently. Something's wrong.  Royce did not move. the older man looked down at the empty clearing below and laughed. Your dead men seem to have moved camp, Will.  Will's voice abandoned the older man. the older man groped for words that did not come. It was not possible. the older man swept back and forth over the abandoned campsite, stopped on an axe. A huge double-bladed battle-axe, still lying where the older man had seen an axe last, untouched. A valuable weapon…  On your feet, Will, Ser Waymar commanded. There's no one here. I won't have you hiding under a bush.  Reluctantly, Will obeyed.  Ser Waymar looked the older man over with open disapproval. I am not going back to Castle Black a failure on my first ranging. We will find Your dead men. Ser Waymar glanced around. Up a sentinel tree. Be quick about a sentinel tree. Look for a fire.  Will turned away, wordless. There was no use to argue. the wind was moving. the wind cut right through the older man. the older man went to the tree, a vaulting grey-green sentinel, and began to climb. Soon the older man hands were sticky with sap, and the older man was lost among the needles. Fear filled the older man gut like a meal the older man could not digest. the older man whispered a prayer to the nameless gods of the wood, and slipped the older man dirk free of his dirk sheath. the older man put its sheath between the older man teeth to keep his hands free for climbing. The taste of cold iron in the older man mouth gave the older man comfort.  Down below, the lordling called out suddenly, Who goes there? Will heard uncertainty in the challenge. the older man stopped climbing; the older man listened; the older man watched.  The woods gave answer: the rustle of leaves, the icy rush of the stream, a distant hoot of a snow owl.  The Others made no sound.  Will saw movement from the corner of the older man eye. Pale shapes gliding through the wood. the older man turned the older man head, glimpsed a white shadow in the darkness. Then a white shadow was gone. Branches stirred gently in the wind, scratching at one another with wooden fingers. Will opened his mouth to call down a warning, and the words seemed to freeze in the older man throat. Perhaps the older man was wrong. Perhaps it had only been a bird, a reflection on the snow, some trick of the moonlight. What had the older man seen, after all?  Will, where are you? Ser Waymar called up. Can you see anything? the older man was turning in a slow circle, suddenly wary, the older man sword in hand. the older man must have felt a slow circle, suddenly wary, his sword in hand, as Will felt a slow circle, suddenly wary, his sword in hand. There was nothing to see. Answer me! Why is it so cold?  It was cold. Shivering, Will clung more tightly to the older man perch. the older man face pressed hard against the trunk of the sentinel. the older man could feel the sweet, sticky sap on the older man cheek.  A shadow emerged from the dark of the wood. A shadow stood in front of Royce. Tall, A shadow was, and gaunt and hard as old bones, with flesh pale as milk. A shadow armor seemed to change color as A shadow moved; here A shadow was white as new-fallen snow, there black as shadow, everywhere dappled with the deep grey-green of the trees. The patterns ran like moonlight on water with every step The patterns took.  Will heard the breath go out of Ser Waymar Royce in a long hiss. Come no farther, the lordling warned. the lordling voice cracked like a boy's. the lordling threw the long sable cloak back over the lordling shoulders, to free the lordling arms for battle, and took That sword in both hands. the wind had stopped. It was very cold.  The Other slid forward on silent feet. In It hand was a longsword like none that Will had ever seen. No human metal had gone into the forging of that blade. No human metal was alive with moonlight, translucent, a shard of crystal so thin that it seemed almost to vanish when seen edge-on. There was a faint blue shimmer to the thing, a ghost-light that played around a faint blue shimmer edges, and somehow Will knew a faint blue shimmer was sharper than any razor.  Ser Waymar met Ser Waymar bravely. Dance with Ser Waymar then. Ser Waymar lifted That sword high over his head, defiant. his hands trembled from the weight of his hands, or perhaps from the cold. Yet in that moment, Will thought, Ser Waymar was a boy no longer, but a man of the Night's Watch.  The Other halted. Will saw Will eyes; blue, deeper and bluer than any human eyes, a blue that burned like ice. a blue that burned like ice fixed on the longsword trembling on high, watched the moonlight running cold along No human metal. For a heartbeat Ser Waymar dared to hope.  a blue that burned like ice emerged silently from the shadows, twins to the first. Three of a blue that burned like ice… four… fiveSer Waymar Ser Waymar may have felt the cold that came with a blue that burned like ice, but Ser Waymar never saw a blue that burned like ice, never heard a blue that burned like ice. Will had to call out. It was Ser Waymar duty. And Ser Waymar death, if Ser Waymar did. Ser Waymar shivered, and hugged a sentinel tree, and kept the silence.  That sword came shivering through the air.  Ser Waymar met Ser Waymar with steel. When the blades met, there was no ring of metal on metal; only a high, thin sound at the edge of hearing, like an animal screaming in pain. Royce checked a second blow, and a third, then fell back a step. Another flurry of blows, and Royce fell back again.  Behind Royce, to right, to left, all around Royce, the watchers stood patient, faceless, silent, the shifting patterns of the watchers delicate armor making them all but invisible in the wood. Yet them all made no move to interfere.  Again and again the swords met, until Will wanted to cover Royce ears against the strange anguished keening of the swords clash. Ser Waymar was panting from the effort now, Ser Waymar breath steaming in the moonlight. Ser Waymar blade was white with frost; the Other's danced with pale blue light.  Then Royce's parry came a beat too late. That sword bit through the ringmail beneath That sword arm. Will cried out in pain. Blood welled between the rings. It steamed in the cold, and the droplets seemed red as fire where they touched the snow. Ser Waymar fingers brushed Ser Waymar side. Ser Waymar moleskin glove came away soaked with red.  the Other said something in a language that Will did not know; His voice was like the cracking of ice on a winter lake, and the words were mocking.  Ser Waymar Royce found Ser Waymar Royce fury. For Robert! Ser Waymar Royce shouted, and Ser Waymar Royce came up snarling, lifting the frost-covered longsword with both hands and swinging the frost-covered longsword with both hands around in a flat sidearm slash with all Ser Waymar Royce weight behind the frost-covered longsword with both hands. the Other's parry was almost lazy.  When the blades touched, the steel shattered.  A scream echoed through the forest night, and the frost-covered longsword with both hands shivered into a hundred brittle pieces, the shards scattering like a rain of needles. Royce went to Royce knees, shrieking, and covered Royce eyes. Blood welled between Ser Waymar's fingers.  the watchers moved forward together, as if some signal had been given. Swords rose and fell, all in a deathly silence. It was cold butchery. the bladesthe blades . Will closed his eyes. Far beneath Royce, Royce heard their voices and laughter sharp as icicles.  When Royce found the courage to look again, a long time had passed, and the ridge below was empty.  Royce stayed in a sentinel tree, scarce daring to breathe, while the moon crept slowly across the black sky. Finally, Royce muscles cramping and Ser Waymar's fingers numb with cold, Royce climbed down.  Royce's body lay facedown in the snow, one arm outflung. the long sable cloak had been slashed in a dozen places. Lying dead like that, you saw how young Royce was. A boy.  Royce found what was left of That sword a few feet away, the end splintered and twisted like a tree struck by lightning. Will knelt, looked around warily, and snatched a tree struck by lightning up. That sword would be That sword proof. Gared would know what to make of That sword, and if not Royce, then surely that old bear Mormont or Maester Aemon. Would Gared still be waiting with the horses? Gared had to hurry.  Will rose. Ser Waymar Royce stood over Gared.  Gared fine clothes were a tatter, Gared face a ruin. A shard from Gared transfixed the blind white pupil of Gared left eye.  The right eye was open. the blind white pupil of his left eye burned blue. the blind white pupil of his left eye saw.  That sword fell from nerveless fingers. Will closed Gared to pray. Long, elegant hands brushed Gared cheek, then tightened around Gared . They were gloved in the finest moleskin and sticky with blood, yet the touch was icy cold.   