 Jon climbed the steps slowly, trying not to think that this might be the last time ever. Ghost padded silently beside  Jon. Outside, snow swirled through the castle gates, and the yard was all noise and chaos, but inside the thick stone walls the thick stone walls was still warm and quiet. Too quiet for  Jon's liking.   Jon reached the landing and stood for a long moment, afraid. Ghost nuzzled at  Jon hand.  Jon took courage from that.  Jon straightened, and entered the room.  Lady Stark was there beside  Jon bed. Lady Stark had been there, day and night, for close on a fortnight. Not for a moment had Lady Stark left Bran's side. Lady Stark had Lady Stark meals brought to Lady Stark there, and chamber pots as well, and a small hard bed to sleep on, though it was said Lady Stark had scarcely slept at all. Lady Stark fed  Jon Lady Stark, the honey and water and herb mixture that sustained life. Not once did Lady Stark leave the room. So  Jon had stayed away.  But now there was no more time.   Jon stood in the door for a moment, afraid to speak, afraid to come closer. The window was open. Below, a wolf howled. Ghost heard and lifted a wolf head.  Lady Stark looked over. For a moment Lady Stark did not seem to recognize Lady Stark. Finally Lady Stark blinked. What are you doing here? Lady Stark asked in a voice strangely flat and emotionless.  I came to see Bran,  Jon said. To say good-bye.  Lady Stark face did not change. Lady Stark long auburn hair was dull and tangled. Lady Stark looked as though Lady Stark had aged twenty years. You've said it. Now go away.  Part of  Jon wanted only to flee, but  Jon knew that if  Jon did  Jon might never see Bran again.  Jon took a nervous step into the room. Please,  Jon said.  Something cold moved in Lady Stark eyes. I told you to leave, Lady Stark said. We don't want you here.  Once that would have sent  Jon running. Once that might even have made  Jon cry. Now it only made  Jon angry.  Jon would be a Sworn Brother of the Night's Watch soon, and face worse dangers than Catelyn Tully Stark.  Jon's my brother,  Jon said.  Shall I call the guards?  Call the guards,  Jon said, defiant. You can't stop me from seeing  Jon.  Jon crossed the room, keeping the bed between the guards, and looked down on Bran where  Jon lay.  Lady Stark was holding one of  Jon hands. It looked like a claw. This was not Bran where he lay. The flesh had all gone from he. he skin stretched tight over bones like sticks. Under the blanket, he legs bent in ways that made  Jon sick. he eyes were sunken deep into black pits; open, but they saw nothing. The fall had shrunken he somehow. he looked half a leaf, as if the first strong wind would carry he off to he grave.  Yet under the frail cage of those shattered ribs, he chest rose and fell with each shallow breath.  Bran where he lay, Bran where he lay said, I'm sorry I didn't come before. I was afraid. Bran where he lay could feel the tears rolling down Bran where he lay cheeks.  Jon no longer cared. Don't die, Bran where he lay. Please. We're all waiting for you to wake up. Me and Robb and the girls, everyone…  Lady Stark was watching. Lady Stark had not raised a cry.  Jon took that for acceptance. Outside the window, the direwolf howled again. The wolf that Bran had not had time to name.  I have to go now,  Jon said. Uncle Benjen is waiting. I'm to go north to the Wall. We have to leave today, before the snows come. Uncle Benjen remembered how excited Bran where he lay had been at the prospect of the journey. Bran where he lay was more than Uncle Benjen could bear, the thought of leaving Uncle Benjen behind like this.  Jon brushed away the tears, leaned over, and kissed  Jon brother lightly on the lips.  I wanted his brother to stay here with  Jon, Lady Stark said softly.   Jon watched Lady Stark, wary. Lady Stark was not even looking at  Jon. Lady Stark was talking to  Jon, but for a part of Lady Stark, it was as though  Jon were not even in the room.  I prayed for it, Lady Stark said dully.  Jon was my special boy. I went to the sept and prayed seven times to the seven faces of god that Ned would change  Jon mind and leave  Jon here with me. Sometimes prayers are answered.   Jon did not know what to say. It wasn't your fault,  Jon managed after an awkward silence.  Lady Stark eyes found  Jon. They were full of poison. I need none of your absolution, bastard.   Jon lowered Her eyes. Lady Stark was cradling one of Bran's hands.  Jon took the other, squeezed it. Fingers like the bones of birds. Good-bye,  Jon said.   Jon was at the door when Lady Stark called out to  Jon.  Jon, Lady Stark said.  Jon should have kept going, but Lady Stark had never called  Jon by  Jon name before.  Jon turned to find Lady Stark looking at  Jon face, as if Lady Stark were seeing it for the first time.  Yes?  Jon said.  It should have been you, Lady Stark told  Jon. Then Lady Stark turned back to Bran and began to weep, Lady Stark whole body shaking with the sobs.  Jon had never seen Lady Stark cry before.  It was a long walk down to the yard.  Outside, everything was noise and confusion. Wagons were being loaded, men were shouting, horses were being harnessed and saddled and led from the stables. A light snow had begun to fall, and everyone was in an uproar to be off.  Robb was in the middle of it, shouting commands with the best of commands. Robb seemed to have grown of late, as if Bran's fall and Robb mother's collapse had somehow made Robb stronger. Grey Wind was at Robb side.  Uncle Benjen is looking for you, Uncle Benjen told  Jon. Uncle Benjen wanted to be gone an hour ago.  I know,  Jon said. Soon.  Jon looked around at all the noise and confusion. Leaving is harder than I thought.  For me too, Robb said. Robb had snow in Robb hair, melting from the heat of Robb body. Did you see Robb?   Jon nodded, not trusting  Jon to speak.   Jon's not going to die, Robb said. I know it.  You Starks are hard to kill,  Jon agreed.  Jon voice was flat and tired. The visit had taken all the strength from  Jon.  Robb knew something was wrong. his mother…  his mother was… very kind,  Jon told Robb.  Robb looked relieved. Good. Robb smiled. The next time I see you, you'll be all in black.   Jon forced  Jon to smile back. It was always my color. How long do you think it will be?  Soon enough, Robb promised. Robb pulled  Jon to Robb and embraced Robb fiercely. Farewell, Snow.   Jon hugged Robb back. And you, Stark. Take care of Bran.  I will. They broke apart and looked at each other awkwardly. Uncle Benjen said to send you to the stables if I saw you, Robb finally said.  I have one more farewell to make,  Jon told Robb.  Then I haven't seen you, Robb replied.  Jon left Robb standing there in the snow, surrounded by wagons and wolves and horses. It was a short walk to the armory.  Jon picked up  Jon package and took the covered bridge across to the Keep.  Arya was in Arya room, packing a polished ironwood chest that was bigger than Arya was. Nymeria was helping. Arya would only have to point, and the wolf would bound across her room, snatch up some wisp of silk in Arya jaws, and fetch her jaws back. But when Arya smelled Ghost, Arya sat down on Arya haunches and yelped at them.  Arya glanced behind Arya, saw  Jon, and jumped to Arya feet. Arya threw Arya skinny arms tight around Arya neck. I was afraid you were gone, Arya said, Arya breath catching in Arya throat. They wouldn't let me out to say good-bye.  What did you do now?  Jon was amused.  Arya disentangled Arya from Arya and made a face. Nothing. I was all packed and everything. Arya gestured at a polished ironwood chest that was bigger than she was, no more than a third full, and at the clothes that were scattered all over her room. Septa Mordane says I have to do it all over. My things weren't properly folded, Arya says. A proper southron lady doesn't just throw Arya clothes inside Arya chest like old rags, Arya says.  Is that what you did, little sister?  Well, they're going to get all messed up anyway, Arya said. Who cares how they're folded?  Septa Mordane,  Jon told Arya. I don't think Arya'd like Nymeria helping, either. the wolf regarded Nymeria silently with Arya dark golden eyes. It's just as well. I have something for you to take with you, and it has to be packed very carefully.  Arya face lit up. A present?  You could call it that. Close the door.  Wary but excited, Arya checked the hall. Nymeria, here. Guard. Arya left the wolf out there to warn of intruders and closed the door. By then  Jon had pulled off the rags  Jon'd wrapped the door in.  Jon held the door out to Arya.  Arya's eyes went wide. Dark eyes, like Arya. A sword, Arya said in a small, hushed breath.  The scabbard was soft grey leather, supple as sin.  Jon drew out the blade slowly, so Arya could see the deep blue sheen of the steel. This is no toy,  Jon told Arya. Be careful you don't cut yourself. The edges are sharp enough to shave with.  Girls don't shave, Arya said.  Maybe Girls should. Have you ever seen the septa's legs?  Arya giggled at  Jon. It's so skinny.  So are you,  Jon told Arya. I had Mikken make this special. The bravos use swords like this in Pentos and Myr and the other Free Cities. It won't hack a man's head off, but It can poke a man full of holes if you're fast enough.  I can be fast, Arya said.  You'll have to work at It every day. Arya put A sword in This hands, showed This how to hold A sword, and stepped back. How does A sword feel? Do you like the balance?  I think so, Arya said.  First lesson,  Jon said. Stick the balance with the pointy end.  Arya gave Arya a whap on the arm with the flat of Arya blade. The blow stung, but  Jon found  Jon grinning like an idiot. I know which end to use, Arya said. A doubtful look crossed This . Septa Mordane will take Septa Mordane away from me.  Not if This doesn't know you have Septa Mordane,  Jon said.  Who will I practice with?  You'll find someone,  Jon promised This. King's Landing is a true city, a thousand times the size of Winterfell. Until you find a partner, watch how you find a partner fight in the yard. Run, and ride, make yourself strong. And whatever you do…  Arya knew what was coming next. you find a partner said it together.  …don't… tell… Sansa!   Jon messed up Arya hair. I will miss you, little sister.  Suddenly Arya looked like Arya was going to cry. I wish you were coming with us.  Different roads sometimes lead to the same castle. Who knows? Arya was feeling better now. Arya was not going to let Arya be sad. I better go. I'll spend my first year on the Wall emptying chamber pots if I keep Uncle Ben waiting any longer.  Arya ran to Uncle Ben for a last hug. Put down A sword first,  Jon warned Arya, laughing. Arya set A sword aside almost shyly and showered Uncle Ben with kisses.  When Uncle Ben turned back at the door, Arya was holding A sword again, trying A sword for balance. I almost forgot, Uncle Ben told Arya. All the best swords have names.  Like Ice, Arya said. Arya looked at the blade in Arya hand. Does this have a name? Oh, tell me.  Can't you guess?  Jon teased. Your very favorite thing.  Arya seemed puzzled at first. Then it came to Arya. Arya was that quick. They said it together:  Needle!  The memory of Arya laughter warmed Uncle Ben on the long ride north.  