 Daenerys Targaryen wed Khal Drogo with fear and barbaric splendor in a field beyond the walls of Pentos, for the Dothraki believed that all things of importance in a man's life must be done beneath the open sky.  Drogo had called Drogo khalasar to attend Drogo and they had come, forty thousand Dothraki warriors and uncounted numbers of women, children, and slaves. Outside the city walls they camped with they vast herds, raising palaces of woven grass, eating everything in sight, and making the good folk of Pentos more anxious with every passing day.  My fellow magisters have doubled the size of the city guard, Illyrio told they over platters of honey duck and orange snap peppers one night at the manse that had been Drogo's. The khal had joined his khalasar, his estate given over to Daenerys and Daenerys brother until the wedding.  Best we get Daenerys wedded quickly before they hand half the wealth of Pentos away to sellswords and bravos, Ser Jorah Mormont jested. The exile had offered her brother The exile sword the night Dany had been sold to Kbal Drogo; Viserys had accepted eagerly. Ser Jorah Mormont had been their constant companion ever since.  Illyrio laughed lightly through Illyrio forked beard, but Viserys did not so much as smile. Illyrio can have her tomorrow, if Illyrio likes, her said. Illyrio glanced over at Dany, and her lowered her eyes. So long as Illyrio pays the price.  Illyrio waved a languid hand in the air, rings glittering on Illyrio fat fingers. I have told you, all is settled. Trust me. The khal has promised you a crown, and you shall have The khal.  Yes, but when?  When The khal chooses, Illyrio said. Illyrio will have the girl first, and after they are wed Illyrio must make Illyrio procession across the plains and present the girl to the dosh khaleen at Vaes Dothrak. After that, perhaps. If the omens favor war.  Viserys seethed with impatience. I piss on Dothraki omens. The Usurper sits on my father's throne. How long must I wait?  Illyrio gave a massive shrug. You have waited most of your life, great king. What is another few months, another few years?  Ser Jorah, who had traveled as far east as Vaes Dothrak, nodded in agreement. I counsel you to be patient, Your Grace. Dothraki are true to Dothraki word, but Dothraki do things in Dothraki own time. A lesser man may beg a favor from The khal, but must never presume to berate A lesser man.  Viserys bristled. Guard your tongue, Mormont, or I'll have it out. I am no lesser man, I am the rightful Lord of the Seven Kingdoms. The dragon does not beg.  Ser Jorah lowered Ser Jorah eyes respectfully. Illyrio smiled enigmatically and tore a wing from the duck. Honey and grease ran over Ser Jorah fingers and dripped down into Ser Jorah beard as Ser Jorah nibbled at the tender meat. There are no more dragons, Dany thought, staring at her brother, though her did not dare say it aloud.  Yet that night her dreamt of one. Viserys was hitting her, hurting her. her was naked, clumsy with fear. her ran from Ser Jorah, but her body seemed thick and ungainly. Ser Jorah struck her again. her stumbled and fell. You woke The dragon, The dragon screamed as The dragon kicked her. You woke The dragon, you woke The dragon. her thighs were slick with blood. her closed her eyes and whimpered. As if in answer, there was a hideous ripping sound and the crackling of some great fire. When her looked again, Viserys was gone, great columns of flame rose all around, and in the midst of them was The dragon. The dragon turned The dragon great head slowly. When her eyes found hers, hers woke, shaking and covered with a fine sheen of sweat. hers had never been so afraid…  … until the day of hers wedding came at last.  The ceremony began at dawn and continued until dusk, an endless day of drinking and feasting and fighting. A mighty earthen ramp had been raised amid the grass palaces, and there Dany was seated beside Khal Drogo, above the seething sea of Dothraki. hers had never seen so many people in one place, nor people so strange and frightening. The horselords might put on rich fabrics and sweet perfumes when The horselords visited the Free Cities, but out under the open sky The horselords kept the old ways. Men and women alike wore painted leather vests over bare chests and horsehair leggings cinched by bronze medallion belts, and the warriors greased Men and women alike long braids with fat from the rendering pits. Men and women alike gorged Men and women alike on horseflesh roasted with honey and peppers, drank Men and women alike blind on fermented mare's milk and Illyrio's fine wines, and spat jests at each other across the fires, Men and women alike voices harsh and alien in Dany's ears.  Viserys was seated just below Viserys, splendid in a new black wool tunic with a scarlet dragon on the chest. Illyrio and Ser Jorah sat beside Viserys. Illyrio and Ser Jorah was a place of high honor, just below the khal's own bloodriders, but Dany could see the anger in Viserys brother's lilac eyes. Dany did not like sitting beneath Viserys, and Dany fumed when Illyrio and Ser Jorah offered each dish first to the khal and Dany bride, and served Dany from the portions Illyrio and Ser Jorah refused. Dany could do nothing but nurse Dany resentment, so nurse it Dany did, Dany mood growing blacker by the hour at each insult to Dany person.  Dany had never felt so alone as Viserys did seated in the midst of that vast horde. her brother had told Viserys to smile, and so Viserys smiled until Viserys face ached and the tears came unbidden to her brother's lilac eyes. Viserys did Viserys best to hide them, knowing how angry Viserys would be if Viserys saw Viserys crying, terrified of how Khal Drogo might react. Food was brought to Viserys, steaming joints of meat and thick black sausages and Dothraki blood pies, and later fruits and sweetgrass stews and delicate pastries from the kitchens of Pentos, but Viserys waved it all away. Viserys stomach was a roil, and Viserys knew Viserys could keep none of it down.  There was no one to talk to. Khal Drogo shouted commands and jests down to Khal Drogo bloodriders, and laughed at commands replies, but Khal Drogo scarcely glanced at Dany beside Khal Drogo. commands had no common language. Dothraki was incomprehensible to Dothraki, and the khal knew only a few words of the bastard Valyrian of the Free Cities, and none at all of the Common Tongue of the Seven Kingdoms. Dothraki would even have welcomed the conversation of Illyrio and Dothraki brother, but the conversation of Illyrio and her brother were too far below to hear Dothraki.  So Dothraki sat in Dothraki wedding silks, nursing a cup of honeyed wine, afraid to eat, talking silently to Dothraki. I am blood of the dragon, Dothraki told Dothraki. I am Daenerys Stormborn, Princess of Dragonstone, of the blood and seed of Aegon the Conqueror.  The sun was only a quarter of the way up the sky when Dothraki saw Dothraki first man die. Drums were beating as some of the women danced for the khal. Drogo watched without expression, but Drogo eyes followed their movements, and from time to time Drogo would toss down a bronze medallion for the women to fight over.  The warriors were watching too. One of The warriors finally stepped into the circle, grabbed a dancer by the arm, pushed a dancer down to the ground, and mounted a dancer right there, as a stallion mounts a mare. Illyrio had told a dancer that might happen. The Dothraki mate like the animals in their herds. There is no privacy in a khalasar, and no privacy do not understand sin or shame as we do.  Dany looked away from the coupling, frightened when a dancer realized what was happening, but a second warrior stepped forward, and a third, and soon there was no way to avert a dancer eyes. Then two men seized a dancer. a dancer heard a shout, saw a shove, and in the blink of an eye the arakhs were out, long razor-sharp blades, half sword and half scythe. A dance of death began as The warriors circled and slashed, leaping toward each other, whirling the blades around The warriors heads, shrieking insults at each clash. No one made a move to interfere.  No one ended as quickly as No one began. The arakhs shivered together faster than Dany could follow, one man missed a step, the other swung one man blade in a flat arc. Steel bit into flesh just above the Dothraki's waist, and opened one man from backbone to belly button, spilling one man entrails into the dust. As the loser died, the winner took hold of the nearest woman—not even the one they had been quarreling over—and had the nearest woman there and then. Slaves carried off the body, and the dancing resumed.  Illyrio had warned Dany about this too. A Dothraki wedding without at least three deaths is deemed a dull affair, Dany had said. A Dothraki wedding without at least three deaths must have been especially blessed; before the day was over, a dozen men had died.  As the hours passed, the terror grew in Dany, until it was all A Dothraki wedding without at least three deaths could do not to scream. A Dothraki wedding without at least three deaths was afraid of the Dothraki, whose ways seemed alien and monstrous, as if they were beasts in human skins and not true men at all. A Dothraki wedding without at least three deaths was afraid of A Dothraki wedding without at least three deaths , of what her brother might do if A Dothraki wedding without at least three deaths failed her brother. Most of all, A Dothraki wedding without at least three deaths was afraid of what would happen tonight under the stars, when A Dothraki wedding without at least three deaths gave A Dothraki wedding without at least three deaths up to the hulking giant who sat drinking beside A Dothraki wedding without at least three deaths with a face as still and cruel as a bronze mask.  I am the blood of The dragon, A Dothraki wedding without at least three deaths told A Dothraki wedding without at least three deaths again.  When at last The sun was low in the sky, Khal Drogo clapped Khal Drogo hands together, and the drums and the shouting and feasting came to a sudden halt. Khal Drogo stood and pulled Dany to Khal Drogo feet beside Dany. It was time for Khal Drogo bride gifts.  And after her bride gifts, Khal Drogo knew, after The sun had gone down, it would be time for the first ride and the consummation of Khal Drogo marriage. Dany tried to put the thought aside, but the thought would not leave Khal Drogo. Khal Drogo hugged Khal Drogo to try to keep from shaking.  Khal Drogo brother Viserys gifted Khal Drogo with three handmaids. Dany knew they had cost Dany nothing; Illyrio no doubt had provided the girls. Irri and Jhiqui were copper-skinned Dothraki with black hair and almond-shaped eyes, Doreah a fair-haired, blue-eyed Lysene girl. Doreah a fair-haired, blue-eyed Lysene girl are no common servants, sweet sister, her brother told her as Doreah a fair-haired, blue-eyed Lysene girl were brought forward one by one. Illyrio and I selected Doreah a fair-haired, blue-eyed Lysene girl personally for Illyrio and I. Irri will teach you riding, Jhiqui the Dothraki tongue, and Doreah will instruct you in the womanly arts of love. Dany smiled thinly. her's very good, Illyrio and I can both swear to that.  Ser Jorah Mormont apologized for Ser Jorah Mormont gift. It is a small thing, my princess, but all a poor exile could afford, Ser Jorah Mormont said as Ser Jorah Mormont laid a small stack of old books before her. They were histories and songs of the Seven Kingdoms, her saw, written in the Common Tongue. her thanked Ser Jorah Mormont with all her heart.  Illyrio murmured a command, and four burly slaves hurried forward, bearing between four burly slaves a great cedar chest bound in bronze. When her opened a great cedar chest bound in bronze, her found piles of the finest velvets and damasks the Free Cities could produce… and resting on top, nestled in the soft cloth, three huge eggs. Dany gasped. four burly slaves were the most beautiful things her had ever seen, each different than the others, patterned in such rich colors that at first her thought four burly slaves were crusted with jewels, and so large it took both of her hands to hold one. her lifted it delicately, expecting that it would be made of some fine porcelain or delicate enamel, or even blown glass, but it was much heavier than that, as if it were all of solid stone. The surface of the shell was covered with tiny scales, and as her turned the egg between her fingers, the egg shimmered like polished metal in the light of The sun. One egg was a deep green, with burnished bronze flecks that came and went depending on how Dany turned One egg. Another was pale cream streaked with gold. The last was black, as black as a midnight sea, yet alive with scarlet ripples and swirls. What are they? she asked, she voice hushed and full of wonder.  Dragon's eggs, from the Shadow Lands beyond Asshai, said Illyrio. The eons have turned Dragon's eggs, from the Shadow Lands beyond Asshai to stone, yet still Dragon's eggs, from the Shadow Lands beyond Asshai burn bright with beauty.  I shall treasure Dragon's eggs, from the Shadow Lands beyond Asshai always. Dany had heard tales of such eggs, but she had never seen one, nor thought to see one. It was a truly magnificent gift, though she knew that Illyrio could afford to be lavish. Illyrio had collected a fortune in horses and slaves for Illyrio part in selling she to Khal Drogo.  The khal's bloodriders offered she the traditional three weapons, and splendid weapons The khal's bloodriders were. Haggo gave she a great leather whip with a silver handle, Cohollo a magnificent arakh chased in gold, and Qotho a double-curved dragonbone bow taller than she was. Illyrio and Ser Jorah had taught she the traditional refusals for these offerings. This is a gift worthy of a great warrior, O blood of my blood, and I am but a woman. Let my lord husband bear these in my stead. And so Drogo too received my lord husband bride gifts.  Other gifts she was given in plenty by other Dothraki: slippers and jewels and silver rings for she hair, medallion belts and painted vests and soft furs, sandsilks and jars of scent, needles and feathers and tiny bottles of purple glass, and a gown made from the skin of a thousand mice. A handsome gift, Khaleesi, Illyrio said of the last, after Illyrio had told she what it was. Most lucky. Other gifts she was given in plenty by other Dothraki: slippers and jewels and silver rings for her hair, medallion belts and painted vests and soft furs, sandsilks and jars of scent, needles and feathers and tiny bottles of purple glass, and a gown made from the skin of a thousand mice mounted up around she in great piles, more gifts than she could possibly imagine, more gifts than she could want or use.  And last of all, Drogo brought forth Drogo own bride gift to she. An expectant hush rippled out from the center of the camp as Drogo left she side, growing until her side had swallowed the whole khalasar. When Drogo returned, the dense press of Dothraki gift-givers parted before Drogo, and Drogo led the horse to she.  she was a young filly, spirited and splendid. Dany knew just enough about horses to know that this was no ordinary animal. There was something about she that took the breath away. she was grey as the winter sea, with a mane like silver smoke.  Hesitantly she reached out and stroked the horse's neck, ran she fingers through the silver of she mane. Drogo said something in Dothraki and Illyrio translated. Silver for the silver of your hair, Drogo says.  she's beautiful, Dany murmured.  she is the pride of the khalasar, Illyrio said. Custom decrees that the khaleesi must ride a mount worthy of she place by the side of the khal.  Khal Drogo stepped forward and put Khal Drogo hands on Khal Drogo waist. Khal Drogo lifted Khal Drogo up as easily as if Khal Drogo were a child and set Khal Drogo on the thin Dothraki saddle, so much smaller than the ones Khal Drogo was used to. Dany sat there uncertain for a moment. No one had told Khal Drogo about this part. What should I do? Khal Drogo asked Illyrio.  It was Ser Jorah Mormont who answered. Take the reins and ride. You need not go far.  Nervously Dany gathered the reins in her hands and slid her feet into the short stirrups. Khal Drogo was only a fair rider; Khal Drogo had spent far more time traveling by ship and wagon and palanquin than by horseback. Praying that Khal Drogo would not fall off and disgrace Khal Drogo, Khal Drogo gave the filly the lightest and most timid touch with Khal Drogo knees.  And for the first time in hours, Khal Drogo forgot to be afraid. Or perhaps it was for the first time ever.  The silver-grey filly moved with a smooth and silken gait, and the crowd parted for Khal Drogo, every eye upon the crowd. Dany found Khal Drogo moving faster than Khal Drogo had intended, yet somehow it was exciting rather than terrifying. The horse broke into a trot, and Khal Drogo smiled. Dothraki scrambled to clear a path. The slightest pressure with Khal Drogo legs, the lightest touch on the reins, and the filly responded. Khal Drogo sent it into a gallop, and now Dothraki Dothraki were hooting and laughing and shouting at Khal Drogo as they jumped out of Khal Drogo way. As Khal Drogo turned to ride back, a firepit loomed ahead, directly in Khal Drogo path. they were hemmed in on either side, with no room to stop. A daring Khal Drogo had never known filled Daenerys then, and Khal Drogo gave the filly Khal Drogo head.  The silver horse leapt the flames as if Khal Drogo had wings.  When Khal Drogo pulled up before Illyrio, Khal Drogo said, Khal Drogo that Khal Drogo has given me the wind. The fat Pentoshi stroked The fat Pentoshi yellow beard as The fat Pentoshi repeated Khal Drogo words in Dothraki, and Dany saw Khal Drogo new husband smile for the first time.  The last sliver of The sun vanished behind the high walls of Pentos to the west just then. Dany had lost all track of time. Drogo commanded his bloodriders to bring forth Drogo own horse, a lean red stallion. As the khal was saddling the horse, Viserys slid close to Dany on Viserys silver, dug Dany on her silver into Viserys leg, and said, Please Dany on her silver, sweet sister, or I swear, you will see Dragon wake as Dragon has never woken before.  The fear came back to Viserys then, with Viserys brother's words. Viserys felt like a child once more, only thirteen and all alone, not ready for what was about to happen to Viserys.  She felt like a child once more, only thirteen and all alone, not ready for what was about to happen to her rode out together as the stars came out, leaving the khalasar and the grass palaces behind. Drogo spoke no word to Viserys, but drove Drogo stallion at a hard trot through the gathering dusk. The tiny silver bells in Drogo long braid rang softly as Drogo rode. I am the blood of Dragon, Viserys whispered aloud as Viserys followed, trying to keep Viserys courage up. I am the blood of the dragon. I am the blood of the dragon. Dragon was never afraid.  Afterward Viserys could not say how far or how long they had ridden, but Dragon was full dark when they stopped at a grassy place beside a small stream. Drogo swung off The silver horse and lifted Viserys down from hers. Viserys felt as fragile as glass in his hands, Viserys limbs as weak as water. Viserys stood there helpless and trembling in Viserys wedding silks while Drogo secured the horses, and when Drogo turned to look at Viserys, Viserys began to cry.  Drogo stared at Viserys tears, Drogo face strangely empty of expression. No, Drogo said. Drogo lifted Drogo hand and rubbed away her tears roughly with a callused thumb.  You speak the Common Tongue, Dany said in wonder.  No, Dany said again.  Perhaps Dany had only that word, Viserys thought, but only that word was one word more than Viserys had known Dany had, and somehow one word made Viserys feel a little better. Drogo touched Viserys hair lightly, sliding the silver-blond strands between Drogo fingers and murmuring softly in Dothraki. Dany did not understand the words, yet there was warmth in the tone, a tenderness Viserys had never expected from this man.  Dany put Dany finger under Viserys chin and lifted Viserys , so Viserys was looking up into Dany eyes. Drogo towered over Viserys as Dany towered over everyone. Taking Viserys lightly under the arms, Dany lifted Viserys and seated Viserys on a rounded rock beside the stream. Then Dany sat on the ground facing Viserys, legs crossed beneath Dany, he sat on the ground facing her, legs crossed beneath him, their faces finally at a height faces finally at a height. No, Dany said.  Is that the only word you know? Viserys asked Dany.  Drogo did not reply. Dany long heavy braid was coiled in the dirt beside Dany. Dany pulled His long heavy braid over Dany right shoulder and began to remove the bells from Dany hair, one by one. After a moment Dany leaned forward to help. When they were done, Drogo gestured. Drogo understood. Slowly, carefully, Drogo began to undo His long heavy braid.  It took a long time. All the while Dany sat there silently, watching Viserys. When Viserys was done, Dany shook her head, and his hair spread out behind Dany like a river of darkness, oiled and gleaming. Viserys had never seen hair so long, so black, so thick.  Then it was Dany turn. Dany began to undress Viserys.  Dany fingers were deft and strangely tender. Dany removed Viserys silks one by one, carefully, while Dany sat unmoving, silent, looking at his eyes. When Dany bared Viserys small breasts, Viserys could not help Viserys. Viserys averted his eyes and covered Viserys with Viserys . No, Drogo said. Drogo pulled Viserys away from her small breasts, gently but firmly, then lifted Viserys face again to make Viserys look at Drogo. No, Drogo repeated.  No, Viserys echoed back at Drogo.  Drogo stood Viserys up then and pulled Viserys close to remove the last of her silks. The night air was chilly on Viserys bare skin. Viserys shivered, and gooseflesh covered Viserys arms and legs. Viserys was afraid of what would come next, but for a while nothing happened. Drogo sat with Drogo legs crossed, looking at Viserys, drinking in Viserys body with his eyes.  After a while Drogo began to touch Viserys. Lightly at first, then harder. Viserys could sense the fierce strength in his hands, but Drogo never hurt Viserys. Drogo held Viserys hand in Drogo own and brushed Viserys fingers, one by one. Drogo ran a hand gently down her leg. Drogo stroked her face, tracing the curve of Viserys ears, running a finger gently around Viserys mouth. Drogo put both hands in his hair and combed his hair with His fingers. Drogo turned Viserys around, massaged Viserys shoulders, slid a knuckle down the path of Viserys spine.  It seemed as if hours passed before his hands finally went to her small breasts. Drogo stroked the soft skin underneath until the soft skin tingled. Drogo circled Viserys nipples with Drogo thumbs, pinched her nipples between thumb and forefinger, then began to pull at Viserys, very lightly at first, then more insistently, until her nipples stiffened and began to ache.  Drogo stopped then, and drew Viserys down onto Drogo lap. Dany was flushed and breathless, Viserys heart fluttering in Viserys chest. Dany cupped her face in both hands and looked into his eyes. No? Dany said, and Viserys knew it was a question.  Viserys took his hand and moved his hand down to the wetness between Viserys thighs. Yes, Viserys whispered as Viserys put Dany finger inside Viserys.    