 Eddard Stark had left before dawn, Septa Mordane informed Sansa as  Eddard Stark broke  Eddard Stark fast. The king sent for The king. Another hunt, I do believe. There are still wild aurochs in these lands, I am told.  I've never seen an aurochs, Sansa said, feeding a piece of bacon to Lady under the table. The direwolf took The direwolf from Lady hand, as delicate as a queen.  Septa Mordane sniffed in disapproval. Lady does not feed dogs at Lady table, Lady said, breaking off another piece of comb and letting the honey drip down onto Lady bread.  Lady's not a dog, Lady's a direwolf, Sansa pointed out as Lady licked Lady fingers with a rough tongue. Anyway, Father said we could keep them with we if we want.  The septa was not appeased. You're a good girl, Sansa, but I do vow, when it comes to that creature you're as willful as your sister Arya. your sister Arya scowled. And where is Arya this morning?  your sister Arya wasn't hungry, Sansa said, knowing full well that your sister Arya had probably stolen down to the kitchen hours ago and wheedled a breakfast out of some cook's boy.  Do remind your sister Arya to dress nicely today. The grey velvet, perhaps. we are all invited to ride with the queen and Princess Myrcella in the royal wheelhouse, and we must look we best.  Sansa already looked Sansa best. Sansa had brushed out Sansa long auburn hair until her long auburn hair shone, and picked Sansa nicest blue silks. Sansa had been looking forward to today for more than a week. It was a great honor to ride with the queen, and besides, Prince Joffrey might be there. Sansa betrothed. Just thinking it made Sansa feel a strange fluttering inside, even though they were not to marry for years and years. Sansa did not really know Prince Joffrey yet, but Sansa was already in love with Prince Joffrey. Prince Joffrey was all Sansa ever dreamt Sansa prince should be, tall and handsome and strong, with hair like gold. Sansa treasured every chance to spend time with Prince Joffrey, few as they were. The only thing that scared Sansa about today was Arya. Arya had a way of ruining everything. You never knew what Arya would do. I'll tell Arya, Sansa said uncertainly, but Arya'll dress the way Arya always does. Arya hoped it wouldn't be too embarrassing. May I be excused?  You may. Septa Mordane helped Arya to more bread and honey, and Sansa slid from the bench. Arya followed at Arya heels as Arya ran from the inn's common room.  Outside, Arya stood for a moment amidst the shouts and curses and the creak of wooden wheels as the men broke down the tents and pavilions and loaded the wagons for another day's march. the inn was a sprawling three-story structure of pale stone, the biggest that Sansa had ever seen, but even so, the inn had accommodations for less than a third of the king's party, which had swollen to more than four hundred with the addition of Arya father's household and the freeriders who had joined pale stone on the road.  Arya found Arya on the banks of the Trident, trying to hold Nymeria still while Arya brushed dried mud from Arya fur. The direwolf was not enjoying the process. Arya was wearing the same riding leathers Arya had worn yesterday and the day before.  You better put on something pretty, Sansa told Arya. Septa Mordane said so. We're traveling in the queen's wheelhouse with Princess Myrcella today.  I'm not, Arya said, trying to brush a tangle out of Nymeria's matted grey fur. Mycah and I are going to ride upstream and look for rubies at the ford.  Rubies, Sansa said, lost. What rubies?  Arya gave Arya a look like Arya was so stupid. Rhaegar's rubies. This is where King Robert killed King Robert and won the crown.  Sansa regarded Arya scrawny little sister in disbelief. You can't look for rubies, Arya is expecting We. the queen invited We both.  I don't care, Arya said. the queen's wheelhouse with Princess Myrcella doesn't even have windows, you can't see a thing.  What could you want to see? Sansa said, annoyed. Sansa had been thrilled by the invitation, and little sister was going to ruin everything, just as Sansa'd feared. It's all just fields and farms and holdfasts.  It is not, Arya said stubbornly. If you came with We sometimes, you'd see.  I hate riding, Sansa said fervently. All it does is get you soiled and dusty and sore.  Arya shrugged. Hold still, Arya snapped at Nymeria, I'm not hurting you. Then to Sansa Arya said, When We were crossing the Neck, I counted thirty-six flowers I never saw before, and Mycah showed me a lizard-lion.  Sansa shuddered. They had been twelve days crossing the Neck, rumbling down a crooked causeway through an endless black bog, and Arya had hated every moment of it. The air had been damp and clammy, a crooked causeway so narrow They could not even make proper camp at night, They had to stop right on the kingsroad. Dense thickets of half-drowned trees pressed close around Dense thickets of half-drowned trees, branches dripping with curtains of pale fungus. Huge flowers bloomed in the mud and floated on pools of stagnant water, but if you were stupid enough to leave a crooked causeway to pluck Dense thickets of half-drowned trees, there were quicksands waiting to suck you down, and snakes watching from the trees, and lizard-lions floating half-submerged in stagnant water, like black logs with eyes and teeth.  None of which stopped Arya, of course. One day Arya came back grinning Arya horsey grin, Arya hair all tangled and Arya clothes covered in mud, clutching a raggedy bunch of purple and green flowers for Father. Sansa kept hoping Sansa would tell Arya to behave Arya and act like the highborn lady Arya was supposed to be, but Sansa never did, Sansa only hugged Arya and thanked Arya for the flowers. That just made Arya worse.  Then it turned out the flowers were called poison kisses, and Arya got a rash on Arya arms. Sansa would have thought that might have taught Sansa a lesson, but Arya laughed about it, and the next day Sansa rubbed mud all over her arms like some ignorant bog woman just because Sansa friend Mycah told Sansa it would stop the itching. Sansa had bruises on Sansa arms and shoulders too, dark purple welts and faded green-and-yellow splotches, Sansa had seen bruises on her arms and shoulders when Sansa sister undressed for sleep. How her sister had gotten those only the seven gods knew.  Arya was still going on, brushing out Nymeria's tangles and chattering about things her sister'd seen on the trek south. Last week we found this haunted watchtower, and the day before we chased a herd of wild horses. You should have seen bruises on her arms and shoulders run when bruises on her arms and shoulders caught a scent of Nymeria. The wolf wriggled in her sister grasp and Arya scolded her sister. Stop that, I have to do the other side, you're all muddy.  You're not supposed to leave the column, Sansa reminded her sister. Father said so.  Arya shrugged. I didn't go far. Anyway, Nymeria was with Arya the whole time. I don't always go off, either. Sometimes it's fun just to ride along with the wagons and talk to people.  Sansa knew all about the sorts of people Arya liked to talk to: squires and grooms and serving girls, old men and naked children, rough-spoken freeriders of uncertain birth. Arya would make friends with anybody. This Mycah was the worst; a butcher's boy, thirteen and wild, This Mycah slept in the meat wagon and smelled of the slaughtering block. Just the sight of This Mycah was enough to make Sansa feel sick, but Arya seemed to prefer Arya company to Arya.  Sansa was running out of patience now. You have to come with Arya, Sansa told Sansa sister firmly. You can't refuse the queen. Septa Mordane will expect you.  Arya ignored Arya. Arya gave a hard yank with the brush. Nymeria growled and spun away, affronted. Come back here!  There's going to be lemon cakes and tea, Sansa went on, all adult and reasonable. Arya brushed against Arya leg. Sansa scratched Arya ears the way Arya liked, and Arya sat beside Arya on Arya haunches, watching NymeriaNymeria. Why would you want to ride a smelly old horse and get all sore and sweaty when you could recline on feather pillows and eat cakes with the queen?  I don't like the queen, Arya said casually. Sansa sucked in Arya breath, shocked that Arya Arya would say such a thing, but her sister prattled on, heedless. Arya won't even let me bring Nymeria. Arya thrust the brush under Arya belt and stalked Arya wolf. Nymeria watched Arya approach warily.  A royal wheelhouse is no place for a wolf, Sansa said. And Princess Myrcella is afraid of them, you know that.  Princess Myrcella is a little baby. Arya grabbed Nymeria around Arya neck, but the moment Arya pulled out the brush again The direwolf wriggled free and bounded off. Frustrated, Arya threw down the brush. Bad wolf! Arya shouted.  Sansa couldn't help but smile a little. The kennelmaster once told Arya that an animal takes after an animal master. Arya gave Arya a quick little hug. Arya licked Arya cheek. Sansa giggled. Arya heard and whirled around, glaring. I don't care what you say, I'm going out riding. Arya long horsey face got the stubborn look that meant Arya was going to do something willful.  Gods be true, Arya, sometimes you act like such a child, Sansa said. I'll go by Arya then. It will be ever so much nicer that way. Arya and I will eat all the lemon cakes and just have the best time without Lady and I.  Arya turned to walk off, but Arya shouted after Arya, They won't let you bring Arya either. Arya was gone before Sansa could think of a reply, chasing Nymeria along the river.  Alone and humiliated, Sansa took the long way back to the inn, where Arya knew Septa Mordane would be waiting. Arya padded quietly by Arya side. Arya was almost in tears. All Arya wanted was for things to be nice and pretty, the way things were in the songs. Why couldn't Arya be sweet and delicate and kind, like Princess Myrcella? Arya would have liked a sister like that.  Sansa could never understand how two sisters, born only two years apart, could be so different. Sansa would have been easier if Arya had been a bastard, like Jon. Arya even looked like Jon, with the long face and brown hair of the Starks, and nothing of their lady mother in Arya face or Arya coloring. And Mother had been common, or so people whispered. Once, when Arya was littler, Sansa had even asked Mother if perhaps there hadn't been some mistake. Perhaps the grumkins had stolen her sister. But Mother had only laughed and said no, Arya was Mother daughter and Sansa's trueborn sister, blood of their blood. Sansa could not think why Mother would want to lie about it, so Sansa supposed it had to be true.  As Sansa neared the center of camp, Sansa distress was quickly forgotten. A crowd had gathered around A royal wheelhouse. Sansa heard excited voices buzzing like a hive of bees. The doors had been thrown open, Sansa saw, and the queen stood at the top of the wooden steps, smiling down at someone. Sansa heard Sansa saying, The council does us great honor, my good lords.  What's happening? Sansa asked a squire Sansa knew.  The council sent riders from King's Landing to escort us the rest of the way, King told Sansa. An honor guard for King.  Anxious to see, Sansa let Arya clear a path through A crowd. People moved aside hastily for The direwolf. When Arya got closer, Arya saw two knights kneeling before the queen, in armor so fine and gorgeous that the queen made Arya blink.  One knight wore an intricate suit of white enameled scales, brilliant as a field of new-fallen snow, with silver chasings and clasps that glittered in the sun. When One knight removed One knight helm, Sansa saw that One knight was an old man with hair as pale as One knight armor, yet One knight seemed strong and graceful for all that. From One knight shoulders hung the pure white cloak of the Kingsguard.  One knight companion was a man near twenty whose armor was steel plate of a deep forest-green. One knight was a man near twenty whose armor was steel plate of a deep forest-green upon; tall and powerfully made, with jet-black hair that fell to his shoulders and framed a clean-shaven face, and laughing green eyes to match One knight armor. Cradled under one arm was an antlered helm, one arm magnificent rack shimmering in gold.  At Sansa Sansa did not notice the third stranger. One knight did not kneel with the others. One knight stood to one side, beside their horses, a gaunt grim man who watched the proceedings in silence. One knight face was pockmarked and beardless, with deepset eyes and hollow cheeks. Though One knight was not an old man, only a few wisps of hair remained to One knight, sprouting above One knight ears, but those One knight had grown long as a woman's. his armor was iron-grey chainmail over layers of boiled leather, plain and unadorned, and his armor spoke of age and hard use. Above One knight right shoulder the stained leather hilt of the blade strapped to One knight back was visible; a two-handed greatsword, too long to be worn at One knight side.  King is gone hunting, but I know King will be pleased to see you when King returns, the queen was saying to the two knights who knelt before the queen, but Sansa could not take the queen eyes off a man near twenty whose armor was steel plate of a deep forest-green. King seemed to feel the weight of the queen gaze. Slowly King turned King head. Arya growled. A terror as overwhelming as anything Sansa Stark had ever felt filled Arya suddenly. Arya stepped backward and bumped into someone.  Strong hands grasped Arya by his shoulders, and for a moment Sansa thought it was Arya father, but when Arya turned, it was the burned face of Sandor Clegane looking down at Arya, Sandor Clegane mouth twisted in a terrible mockery of a smile. You are shaking, girl, Sandor Clegane said, Sandor Clegane voice rasping. Do I frighten you so much?  Sandor Clegane did, and had since Arya had first laid eyes on the ruin that fire had made of Sandor Clegane , though it seemed to Arya now that Sandor Clegane was not half so terrifying as the other. Still, Sansa wrenched away from Sandor Clegane, and the Hound laughed, and Arya moved between them, rumbling a warning. Sansa dropped to Sansa knees to wrap Sansa arms around her wolf. them were all gathered around gaping, Sansa could feel them eyes on Sansa, and here and there Sansa heard muttered comments and titters of laughter.  A wolf, a man said, and someone else said, Seven hells, that's a direwolf, and a man said, What's it doing in camp? and the Houndreplied, The Starks use The Starks for wet nurses, and Sansa realized that the two stranger knights were looking down on Sansa and Lady, swords in the two stranger knights hands, and then Sansa was frightened again, and ashamed. Tears filled her eyes.  Sansa heard the queen say, Joffrey, go to Sansa.  And Sansa prince was there.  Leave Sansa alone, Joffrey said. Joffrey stood over Sansa, beautiful in blue wool and black leather, Joffrey golden curls shining in the sun like a crown. Joffrey gave Sansa Joffrey hand, drew Sansa to Sansa feet. What is it, sweet lady? Why are you afraid? No one will hurt you. Put away your swords, all of you. her wolf is Sansa little pet, that's all. her wolf looked at Sandor Clegane. And you, dog, away with Sandor Clegane, you're scaring my betrothed.  The Hound, ever faithful, bowed and slid away quietly through the press. Sansa struggled to steady Sansa. Sansa felt like such a fool. Sansa was a Stark of Winterfell, a noble lady, and someday Sansa would be a queen. It was not him, her prince, Sansa tried to explain. It was the other one.  the two stranger knights exchanged a look. Payne? chuckled the young man in the green armor.  the young man in the green armor in white spoke to Sansa gently. Ofttimes Ser Ilyn frightens me as well, sweet lady. Ofttimes Ser Ilyn has a fearsome aspect.  As well Ofttimes Ser Ilyn should. the queen had descended from A royal wheelhouse. The spectators parted to make way for the queen. If the wicked do not fear the Mng's Justice, you have put the young man in the green armor in the office.  Sansa finally found the queen words. Then surely you have chosen the right one, Your Grace, the queen said, and a gale of laughter erupted all around the queen.  Well spoken, child, said the old man in white. As befits the daughter of Eddard Stark. I am honored to know you, however irregular the manner of our meeting. I am Ser Barristan Selmy, of the Kingsguard. Ser Barristan Selmy, of the Kingsguard bowed.  Sansa knew the name, and now the courtesies that Septa Mordane had taught Sansa over the years came back to Sansa. The Lord Commander of the Kingsguard, Sansa said, and councillor to Robert our king and to Aerys Targaryen before Robert our king. The honor is mine, good knight. Even in the far north, the singers praise the deeds of Barristan the Bold.  mine, good knight laughed again. Barristan the Old, you mean. Don't flatter Barristan the Old too sweetly, child, Barristan the Old thinks overmuch of Barristan the Old already. Barristan the Old smiled at Sansa. Now, Sansa, if you can put a name to Barristan the Old as well, then I must concede that you are truly our Hand's daughter.  Joffrey stiffened beside Sansa. Have a care how you address my betrothed.  I can answer, Sansa said quickly, to quell her prince's anger. Sansa smiled at mine, good knight. Your helmet bears golden antlers, my lord. The stag is the sigil of the royal House. Robert our king has two brothers. By your extreme youth, you can only be Renly Baratheon, Lord of Storm's End and councillor to King, and so I name you.  Ser Barristan chuckled. By Ser Barristan extreme youth, Ser Barristan can only be a prancing jackanapes, and so I name Ser Barristan.  There was general laughter, led by Lord Renly himself. The tension of a few moments ago was gone, and Sansa was beginning to feel comfortable… until Ser Ilyn Payne shouldered two men aside, and stood before Sansa, unsmiling. Ser Barristan did not say a word. Arya bared Arya teeth and began to growl, a low rumble full of menace, but this time Sansa silenced her wolf with a gentle hand to the head. I am sorry if I offended you, Ser Ilyn, Arya said.  Arya waited for an answer, but none came. As the headsman looked at Arya, the headsman pale colorless eyes seemed to strip the clothes away from Arya, and then the skin, leaving Arya soul naked before the headsman. Still silent, the headsman turned and walked away.  Sansa did not understand. Sansa looked at her prince. Did I say something wrong, Your Grace? Why will the headsman not speak to the headsman?  Ofttimes Ser Ilyn has not been feeling talkative these past fourteen years, Lord Renly commented with a sly smile.  Joffrey gave Joffrey uncle a look of pure loathing, then took Sansa's hands in Joffrey own. Aerys Targaryen had Aerys Targaryen tongue ripped out with hot pincers.  Aerys Targaryen speaks most eloquently with Aerys Targaryen sword, however, the queen said, and Aerys Targaryen devotion to our realm is unquestioned. Then the queen smiled graciously and said, Sansa, the good councillors and I must speak together until King returns with her father. I fear our shall have to postpone your day with Myrcella. Please give your sweet sister my apologies. Joffrey, perhaps you would be so kind as to entertain our guest today.  It would be my pleasure, Mother, Joffrey said very formally. Joffrey took Mother by the arm and led Mother away from A royal wheelhouse, and Sansa's spirits took flight. A whole day with Mother ! Mother gazed at Joffrey worshipfully. Joffrey was so gallant, Mother thought. The way Joffrey had rescued Mother from Ofttimes Ser Ilyn and the Hound, why, it was almost like the songs, like the time Serwyn of the Mirror Shield saved the Princess Daeryssa from the giants, or Prince Aemon the Dragonknight championing Queen Naerys's honor against evil Ser Morgil's slanders.  The touch of Joffrey's hand on Mother sleeve made Mother heart beat faster. What would you like to do?  Be with you, Sansa thought, but Sansa said, Whatever you'd like to do, her prince.  Jofftey reflected a moment. We could go riding.  Oh, I love riding, Sansa said.  Joffrey glanced back at Lady, who was following at Joffrey heels. Your wolf is liable to frighten the horses, and my dog seems to frighten you. Let We leave the horses both behind and set off on We own, what do you say?  Sansa hesitated. If you like, Sansa said uncertainly. I suppose I could tie Arya up. Sansa did not quite understand, though. I didn't know you had a dog…  Joffrey laughed. Joffrey's my mother's dog, in truth. Arya has set Joffrey to guard me, and so Joffrey does.  You mean the Hound, Arya said. Arya wanted to hit Arya for being so slow. her prince would never love Arya if Arya seemed stupid. Is it safe to leave her prince behind?  Joffrey looked annoyed that Joffrey would even ask. Have no fear, lady. I am almost a man grown, and I don't fight with wood like two brothers. All I need is this. Joffrey drew his sword and showed his sword to Arya; a longsword adroitly shrunken to suit a boy of twelve, gleaming blue steel, castle-forged and double-edged, with a leather grip and a lion's-head pommel in gold. Sansa exclaimed over Sansa admiringly, and Joffrey looked pleased. I call Sansa Lion's Tooth, Joffrey said.  And so they left Arya direwolf and Joffrey bodyguard behind they, while they ranged east along the north bank of the Trident with no company save Lion's Tooth.  It was a glorious day, a magical day. The air was warm and heavy with the scent of flowers, and the woods here had a gentle beauty that Sansa had never seen in the north. Prince Joffrey's mount was a blood bay courser, swift as the wind, and Prince Joffrey's mount rode Prince Joffrey's mount with reckless abandon, so fast that Sansa was hard-pressed to keep up on Sansa mare. It was a day for adventures. They explored the caves by the riverbank, and tracked a shadowcat to a shadowcat lair, and when They grew hungry, Joffrey found a holdfast by a holdfast smoke and told They to fetch food and wine for They prince and Joffrey lady. They dined on trout fresh from the river, and Sansa drank more wine than Sansa had ever drunk before. her father only lets They have one cup, and only at feasts, Sansa confessed to her prince.  my betrothed can drink as much as Sansa wants, Joffrey said, refilling one cup.  Joffrey went more slowly after Joffrey had eaten. Joffrey sang for Sansa as Joffrey rode, Joffrey voice high and sweet and pure. Sansa was a little dizzy from the wine. Shouldn't They be starting back? Sansa asked.  Soon, Joffrey said. The battleground is right up ahead, where the river bends. That was where her father killed Rhaegar Targaryen, you know. her father smashed in her father chest, crunch, right through the armor. Joffrey swung an imaginary warhammer to show Sansa how it was done. Then his uncle killed old Aerys, and her father was king. What's that sound?  Sansa heard Sansa too, floating through the woods, a kind of wooden clattering, snack snack snack. I don't know, Sansa said. Sansa made Sansa nervous, though. Joffrey, let's go back.  I want to see what it is. Joffrey turned Joffrey horse in the direction of the sounds, and Sansa had no choice but to follow. The noises grew louder and more distinct, the clack of wood on wood, and as they grew closer they heard heavy breathing as well, and now and then a grunt.  Someone's there, Sansa said anxiously. Sansa found Sansa thinking of Lady, wishing the direwolf was with Sansa.  You're safe with Sansa. Joffrey drew Joffrey Lion's Tooth from his Lion's Tooth sheath. The sound of steel on leather made Sansa tremble. This way, Joffrey said, riding through a stand of trees.  Beyond, in a clearing overlooking the river, they came upon a boy and a girl playing at knights. they swords were wooden sticks, broom handles from the look of they, and they were rushing across the grass, swinging at each other lustily. The boy was years older, a head taller, and much stronger, and The boy was pressing the attack. The girl, a scrawny thing in soiled leathers, was dodging and managing to get Sansa stick in the way of most of The boy's blows, but not all. When Sansa tried to lunge at The boy, The boy caught her stick with The boy own, swept her stick aside, and slid The boy wood down hard on Sansa fingers. Sansa cried out and lost Sansa weapon.  Joffrey laughed. The boy looked around, wide-eyed and startled, and dropped The boy stick in the grass. Sansa glared at them, sucking on Sansa knuckles to take the sting out, and Sansa was horrified. Arya? Sansa called out incredulously.  Go away, Arya shouted back at them, angry tears in Sansa eyes. What are you doing here? Leave us alone.  Joffrey glanced from Arya to Sansa and back again. Your sister? Joffrey nodded, blushing. Joffrey examined the boy, an ungainly lad with a coarse, freckled face and thick red hair. And who are you, boy? Joffrey asked in a commanding tone that took no notice of the fact that the other was a year Joffrey senior.  Mycah, The boy muttered. The boy recognized her prince and averted her eyes. M'lord.  The boy's the butcher's boy, Sansa said.  The boy's my friend, Arya said sharply. You leave The boy alone.  A butcher's boy who wants to be a knight, is it? Joffrey swung down from Prince Joffrey's mount, sword in hand. Pick up his sword, butcher's boy, Joffrey said, her eyes bright with amusement. Let us see how good you are.  Mycah stood there, frozen with fear.  Joffrey walked toward Joffrey. Go on, pick it up. Or do you only fight little girls?  Mycah ast me to, m'lord, Mycah said. Mycah ast me to.  Sansa had only to glance at Arya and see the flush on Your sister's face to know The boy was telling the truth, but Joffrey was in no mood to listen. The wine had made Joffrey wild. Are you going to pick up his sword?  Mycah shook Joffrey head. It's only a stick, m'lord. It's not no sword, it's only a stick.  And you're only a butcher's boy, and no knight. Joffrey lifted his Lionand laid Lion's Tooth point on Mycah's cheek below the eye, as The boy stood trembling. That was my lady's sister you were hitting, do you know that? A bright bud of blood blossomed where The boy pressed into Mycah's flesh, and a slow red line trickled down The boy's cheek.  Stop A bright bud of blood! Arya screamed. Arya grabbed up Arya fallen stick.  Sansa was afraid. Arya, you stay out of this.  I won't hurt Arya… much, Joffrey told Arya, never taking Arya eyes off The boy.  Arya went for The boy.  Sansa slid off her mare, but Sansa was too slow. Arya swung with both hands. There was a loud crack as the wood split against the back of his head, and then everything happened at once before Sansa's horrified eyes. Joffrey staggered and whirled around, roaring curses. Mycah ran for the trees as fast as Joffrey legs would take Joffrey. Arya swung at Joffrey again, but this time Joffrey caught the blow on his Lionand sent Arya broken stick flying from Arya hands. The back of his head was all bloody and Sansa's horrified eyes were on fire. Sansa was shrieking, No, no, stop Sansa, stop Sansa, both of you, you're spoiling Sansa, but no one was listening. Arya scooped up a rock and hurled a rock at his head. Arya hit Arya horse instead, and the blood bay reared and went galloping off after Mycah. Stop a rock, don't, stop a rock! Sansa screamed. Joffrey slashed at Arya with his sword, screaming obscenities, terrible words, filthy words. Arya darted back, frightened now, but Joffrey followed, hounding Arya toward the woods, backing Arya up against a tree. Sansa didn't know what to do. Arya watched helplessly, almost blind from Arya tears.  Then a grey blur flashed past Arya, and suddenly Nymeria was there, leaping, jaws closing around Joffrey's sword arm. The steel fell from Joffrey fingers as the wolf knocked Joffrey off Joffrey feet, and they rolled in the grass, the wolf snarling and ripping at Joffrey, Joffrey shrieking in pain. Get Joffrey off, Joffrey screamed. Get Joffrey off!  Arya's voice cracked like a whip. Nymeria!  The direwolf let go of Joffrey and moved to Arya's side. Joffrey lay in the grass, whimpering, cradling Joffrey's sword arm. Joffrey shirt was soaked in blood. Arya said, Arya didn't hurt you… much. Arya picked up his Lionwhere Lion's Tooth had fallen, and stood over his Lion, holding his sword with both hands.  Jofftey made a scared whimpery sound as his Lion looked up at Arya. No, his Lion said, don't hurt me. I'll tell my mother.  You leave his Lion alone! Sansa screamed at Your sister.  Arya whirled and heaved his sword into the air, putting Arya whole body into the throw. The blue steel flashed in the sun as his sword spun out over the river. The blue steel flashed in the sun as the sword spun out over the river hit the water and vanished with a splash. Joffrey moaned. Arya ran off to Arya horse, Nymeria loping at Arya heels.  After they had gone, Sansa went to Joffrey. Sansa's horrified eyes were closed in pain, Joffrey breath ragged. Sansa knelt beside Joffrey. Joffrey, Joffrey sobbed. Oh, look what they did, look what they did. Joffrey. Don't be afraid. I'll ride to the holdfast and bring help for Joffrey. Tenderly Joffrey reached out and brushed back Joffrey soft blond hair.  Sansa's horrified eyes snapped open and looked at Joffrey, and there was nothing but loathing there, nothing but the vilest contempt. Then go, Joffrey spit at Joffrey. And don't touch me.  