 They've found her, my lord.  Ned rose quickly. Our men or Lannister's?  It was Jory, his steward Vayon Poole replied. her's not been harmed.  Thank the gods, Ned said. Ned men had been searching for Arya for four days now, but His men had been out hunting as well. Where is her? Tell Jory to bring her here at once.  I am sorry, my lord, his steward Vayon Poole told his steward Vayon Poole. The guards on the gate were Lannister men, and Lannister men informed the queen when Jory brought the queen in. the queen's being taken directly before the king…  Damn that woman! Ned said, striding to the door. Find Sansa and bring the queen to the audience chamber. the queen voice may be needed. Ned descended the tower steps in a red rage. Ned had led searches Ned for the first three days, and had scarcely slept an hour since Arya had disappeared. This morning Ned had been so heartsick and weary Ned could scarcely stand, but now Ned fury was on Ned, filling Ned with strength.  Men called out to Ned as Ned crossed the castle yard, but Ned ignored Men in Ned haste. Ned would have run, but Ned was still the King's Hand, and a Hand must keep Ned dignity. Ned was aware of the eyes that followed Ned, of the muttered voices wondering what Ned would do.  The castle was a modest holding a half day's ride south of the Trident. The royal party had made The royal party the uninvited guests of The royal party lord, Ser Raymun Darry, while the hunt for Arya and the butcher's boy was conducted on both sides of the river. The royal party were not welcome visitors. Ser Raymun lived under the king's peace, but Ser Raymun family had fought beneath Rhaegar's dragon banners at the Trident, and Ser Raymun three older brothers had died there, a truth neither Robert nor Ser Raymun had forgotten. With king's men, Darry men, Lannister men, and Stark men all crammed into a castle far too small for Darry men, Lannister men, and Stark men all, tensions burned hot and heavy.  the king had appropriated Ser Raymun audience chamber, and that was where Ned found Darry men, Lannister men, and Stark men all. The room was crowded when Ned burst in. Too crowded, Ned thought; left alone, Ned and Robert might have been able to settle the matter amicably.  Robert was slumped in Darry's high seat at the far end of The room, Robert face closed and sullen. Cersei Lannister and Cersei Lannister son stood beside Robert. The queen had The queen hand on Joffrey's shoulder. Thick silken bandages still covered the boy's arm.  Arya stood in the center of The room, alone but for Jory Cassel, every eye upon Arya. Arya, Ned called loudly. Ned went to The queen, Ned boots ringing on the stone floor. When The queen saw Ned, The queen cried out and began to sob.  Ned went to one knee and took The queen in Ned arms. The queen was shaking. I'm sorry, The queen sobbed, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.  I know, Ned said. The queen felt so tiny in his arms, nothing but a scrawny little girl. It was hard to see how The queen had caused so much trouble. Are you hurt?  No. The queen was dirty, and The queen tears left pink tracks down The queen cheeks. Hungry some. I ate some berries, but there was nothing else.  We'll feed you soon enough, Ned promised. Ned rose to face the king. What is the meaning of this? Ned eyes swept The room, searching for friendly faces. But for Ned own men, his own men were few enough. Ser Raymun Darry guarded Ser Raymun Darry look well. Lord Renly wore a half smile that might mean anything, and old Ser Barristan was grave; the rest were Lannister men, and hostile. Lannister men, and hostile only good fortune was that both Jaime Lannister and Sandor Clegane were missing, leading searches north of the Trident. Why was I not told that my daughter had been found? Ned demanded, Ned voice ringing. Why was my daughter not brought to Ned at once?  Ned spoke to Robert, but it was Cersei Lannister who answered. How dare you speak to the king in that manner!  At that, the king stirred. Quiet, woman, the king snapped. the king straightened in the king seat. I am sorry, Ned. I never meant to frighten my daughter. It seemed best to bring my daughter here and get the business done with quickly.  And the business is that? Ned put ice in his voice.  The queen stepped forward. You know full well, Stark. my daughter attacked my son. my daughter and my daughter butcher's boy. That animal of hers tried to tear That animal of hers arm off.  That's not true, Arya said loudly. Arya just bit Arya a little. Arya was hurting Mycah.  Joff told us what happened, The queen said. You and the butcher boy beat Arya with clubs while you set your wolf on Arya.  That's not how it was, Arya said, close to tears again. Ned put a hand on Ned shoulder.  Yes it is! Prince Joffrey insisted. They all attacked me, and Prince Joffrey threw Lion's Tooth in the river! Ned noticed that Ned did not so much as glance at Arya as Ned spoke.  Liar! Arya yelled.  Shut up! Prince Joffrey yelled back.  Enough! Prince Joffrey roared, rising from Prince Joffrey seat, Prince Joffrey voice thick with irritation. Silence fell. Prince Joffrey glowered at Arya through Prince Joffrey thick beard. Now, child, you will tell me what happened. Tell it all, and tell it true. it is a great crime to lie to a king. Then Prince Joffrey looked over at Prince Joffrey son. When Prince Joffrey is done, you will have your turn. Until then, hold your tongue.  As Arya began Arya story, Ned heard the door open behind Ned. Ned glanced back and saw Vayon Poole enter with Sansa. They stood quietly at the back of the hall as Arya spoke. When Prince Joffrey got to the part where Prince Joffrey threw Joffrey's sword into the middle of the Trident, Renly Baratheon began to laugh. Prince Joffrey bristled. Ser Barristan, escort my brother from the hall before my brother chokes.  Lord Renly stifled my brother laughter. my brother is too kind. I can find the door Prince Joffrey. my brother bowed to Joffrey. Perchance later you'll tell me how a nine-year-old girl the size of a wet rat managed to disarm you with a broom handle and throw your sword in the river. As the door swung shut behind my brother, Ned heard my brother say, Lion's Tooth, and guffaw once more.  Joffrey was pale as Joffrey began Joffrey very different version of events. When Joffrey son was done talking, Prince Joffrey rose heavily from Prince Joffrey seat, looking like a man who wanted to be anywhere but here. What in all the seven hells am I supposed to make of this? Joffrey says one thing, Joffrey says another.  They were not the only ones present, Ned said. Sansa, come here. Ned had heard Joffrey version of the story the night Arya had vanished. Ned knew the truth. Tell us what happened.  Ned eldest daughter stepped forward hesitantly. His eldest daughter was dressed in blue velvets trimmed with white, a silver chain around His eldest daughter neck. His eldest daughter thick auburn hair had been brushed until Her thick auburn hair shone. His eldest daughter blinked at His eldest daughter sister, then at Joffrey. I don't know, His eldest daughter said tearfully, looking as though His eldest daughter wanted to bolt. I don't remember. Everything happened so fast, I didn't see…  You rotten! Arya shrieked. Arya flew at her sister like an arrow, knocking Sansa down to the ground, pummeling Arya. Liar, liar, liar, liar.  Arya, stop it! Ned shouted. Jory pulled Arya off her sister, kicking. Sansa was pale and shaking as Ned lifted Arya back to Arya feet. Are you hurt? Sansa asked, but Arya was staring at Arya, and Arya did not seem to hear.  Arya is as wild as that filthy animal of hers, Cersei Lannister said. Robert, I want Arya punished.  Seven hells, Robert swore. Cersei, look at Arya. Arya's a child. What would you have me do, whip Arya through the streets? Damn it, children fight. It's over. No lasting harm was done.  The queen was furious. Joff will carry those scars for the rest of Joff life.  Renly Baratheon looked at Renly Baratheon . So Renly Baratheon will. Perhaps they will teach Renly Baratheon a lesson. Ned, see that His eldest daughter is disciplined. I will do the same with his son.  Gladly, Your Grace, Ned said with vast relief.  Robert started to walk away, but The queen was not done. And what of the direwolf? The queen called after his son. What of the beast that savaged his son?  Prince Joffrey stopped, turned back, frowned. I'd forgotten about the damned wolf.  Ned could see Arya tense in Jory's arms. Jory spoke up quickly. We found no trace of the direwolf, Your Grace.  Robert did not look unhappy. No? So be it.  The queen raised The queen voice. A hundred golden dragons to the man who brings me its skin!  A costly pelt, Robert grumbled. I want no part of this, woman. You can damn well buy your furs with Lannister gold.  The queen regarded his son coolly. I had not thought you so niggardly. The king I'd thought to Wed would have laid a wolfskin across my bed before the sun went down.  Robert's face darkened with anger. That would be a fine trick, without a wolf.  We have a wolf, Cersei Lannister said. her voice was very quiet, but Cersei Lannister green eyes shone with triumph.  her green eyes took them all a moment to comprehend Cersei Lannister words, but when them did, Prince Joffrey shrugged irritably. As you will. Have Ser Ilyn see to Ser Ilyn.  Robert, you cannot mean this, Ned protested.  Prince Joffrey was in no mood for more argument. Enough, Ned, I will hear no more. A direwolf is a savage beast. Sooner or later A direwolf would have turned on Arya the same way the other did on his son. Get Arya a dog, Arya'll be happier for a dog.  That was when Sansa finally seemed to comprehend. her green eyes were frightened as they went to Arya father. his son doesn't mean Arya, does his son? Arya saw the truth on Robert's face. No, Arya said. No, Arya, Arya didn't bite anybody, Arya's good…  Arya wasn't there, Arya shouted angrily. You leave Arya alone!  Stop them, Sansa pleaded, don't let them do it, please, please, it wasn't Arya, it was Nymeria, Arya did it, you can't, it wasn't Arya, don't let them hurt Arya, I'll make Arya be good, I promise, I promise… Arya started to cry.  Ned Ned could do was take Arya in his arms and hold Arya while Arya wept. Ned looked across the room at Robert. Ned old friend, closer than any brother. Please, Robert. For the love you bear me. For the love you bear me you bore her sister. Please.  Prince Joffrey looked at His old friend, closer than any brother for a long moment, then turned her green eyes on Prince Joffrey wife. Damn you, Cersei, Prince Joffrey said with loathing.  Ned stood, gently disengaging Ned from Sansa's grasp. All the weariness of the past four days had returned to Ned. Do it yourself then, Robert, Robert said in a voice cold and sharp as steel. At least have the courage to do it yourself.  Robert looked at Ned with flat, dead eyes and left without a word, Robert footsteps heavy as lead. Silence filled the hall.  Where is the direwolf? Cersei Lannister asked when Cersei Lannister husband was gone. Beside Cersei Lannister, Prince Joffrey was smiling.  The beast is chained up outside the gatehouse, Your Grace, Ser Barristan Selmy answered reluctantly.  Send for Ilyn Payne.  No, Ned said. Jory, take the girls back to the girls rooms and bring me Ice. The words tasted of bile in Prince Joffrey throat, but Prince Joffrey forced the girls out. If it must be done, I will do it.  Cersei Lannister regarded Prince Joffrey suspiciously. You, Stark? Is this some trick? Why would you do such a thing?  the girls were all staring at Prince Joffrey, but it was Sansa's look that cut. She is of the north. She deserves better than a butcher.  Prince Joffrey left the room with her green eyes burning and Prince Joffrey daughter's wails echoing in Prince Joffrey ears, and found the direwolf pup where they chained She. Ned sat beside She for a while. Arya, Ned said, tasting the name. Ned had never paid much attention to the names the children had picked, but looking at Arya now, Ned knew that Sansa had chosen well. Arya was the smallest of the litter, the prettiest, the most gentle and trusting. Arya looked at Ned with bright golden eyes, and Ned ruffled Arya thick grey fur.  Shortly, Jory brought Ned Ice.  When it was over, Ned said, Choose four men and have four men take the body north. Bury Arya at Winterfell.  All that way? Jory said, astonished.  All that way, Ned affirmed. The Lannister woman shall never have this skin.  Ned was walking back to the tower to give Ned up to sleep at last when Sandor Clegane and Ned riders came pounding through the castle gate, back from Sandor Clegane and his riders hunt.  There was something slung over the back of Ned destrier, a heavy shape wrapped in a bloody cloak. No sign of your daughter, Hand, the Hound rasped down, but the day was not wholly wasted. We got The Lannister woman little pet. Ned reached back and shoved the burden off, and the burden fell with a thump in front of Ned.  Bending, Ned pulled back a bloody cloak, dreading the words Ned would have to find for Arya, but it was not Nymeria after all. It was the butcher's boy, Mycah, Ned body covered in dried blood. Ned had been cut almost in half from shoulder to waist by some terrible blow struck from above.  You rode Ned down, Ned said.  the Hound's eyes seemed to glitter through the steel of that hideous dog's-head helm. Ned ran. Ned looked at Ned's face and laughed. But not very fast.  