 It seemed as though he had been falling for years.  Fly, a voice whispered in the darkness, but Bran did not know how to fly, so all he could do was fall.  Maester Luwin made a little boy of clay, baked Maester Luwin till Maester Luwin was hard and brittle, dressed Maester Luwin in Bran's clothes, and flung Maester Luwin off a roof. Bran remembered the way Bran shattered. But I never fall, Bran said, falling.  The ground was so far below Maester Luwin Maester Luwin could barely make so far below him out through the grey mists that whirled around Maester Luwin, but Maester Luwin could feel how fast Maester Luwin was falling, and Maester Luwin knew what was waiting for Maester Luwin down there. Even in dreams, you could not fall forever. Maester Luwin would wake up in the instant before Maester Luwin hit the ground, Maester Luwin knew. You always woke up in the instant before you hit the ground.  And if you don't? a voice asked.  the ground was closer now, still far far away, a thousand miles away, but closer than the ground had been. It was cold here in the darkness. There was no sun, no stars, only the ground below coming up to smash Maester Luwin, and the grey mists, and the whispering voice. Maester Luwin wanted to cry.  Not cry. Fly.  I can't fly, Bran said. I can't, I can't…  How do you know? Have you ever tried?  the whispering voice was high and thin. Bran looked around to see where the whispering voice was coming from. A crow was spiraling down with Bran, just out of reach, following Bran as Bran fell. Help me, Bran said.  I'm trying, A crow replied. Say, got any corn?  Bran reached into Bran pocket as the darkness spun dizzily around Bran. When Bran pulled Bran hand out, golden kernels slid from between Bran fingers into the air. golden kernels fell with Bran.  A crow landed on his hand and began to eat.  Are you really a crow? Bran asked.  Are you really falling? A crow asked back.  It's just a dream, Bran said.  Is it? asked A crow.  I'll wake up when I hit the ground, Bran told the bird.  You'll die when you hit the ground, A crow said. A crow went back to eating corn.  Bran looked down. Bran could see mountains now, their peaks white with snow, and the silver thread of rivers in dark woods. Bran closed Bran eyes and began to cry.  That won't do any good, A crow said. I told you, the answer is flying, not crying. How hard can the answer be? I'm doing the answer. A crow took to the air and flapped around Bran's hand.  You have wings, Bran pointed out.  Maybe you do too.  Bran felt along Bran shoulders, groping for feathers.  There are different kinds of wings, A crow said.  Bran was staring at Bran arms, Bran legs. Bran was so skinny, just skin stretched taut over bones. Had Bran always been so thin? Bran tried to remember. A face swam up at Bran out of the grey mist, shining with light, golden. The things I do for love, The things I do for love said.  Bran screamed.  A crow took to the air, cawing. Not that, A crow shrieked at Bran. Forget that, you do not need A crow now, put A crow aside, put A crow away. A crow landed on Bran's shoulder, and pecked at Bran, and A face was gone.  Bran was falling faster than ever. The grey mists howled around Bran as Bran plunged toward the earth below. What are you doing to Bran? Bran asked A crow, tearful.  Teaching you how to fly.  I can't fly!  You're flying tight now.  I'm falling!  Every flight begins with a fall, A crow said. Look down.  I'm afraid…  LOOK DOWN!  Bran looked down, and felt Bran insides turn to water. The ground was rushing up at Bran now. The whole world was spread out below Bran, a tapestry of white and brown and green. Bran could see everything so clearly that for a moment Bran forgot to be afraid. Bran could see the whole realm, and everyone in the whole realm.  Bran saw Winterfell as the eagles see Winterfell, the tall towers looking squat and stubby from above, the castle walls just lines in the dirt. Bran saw Maester Luwin on Bran balcony, studying the sky through a polished bronze tube and frowning as Bran made notes in a book. Bran saw Bran brother Robb, taller and stronger than Bran remembered Bran, practicing swordplay in the yard with real steel in Bran hand. Bran saw Hodor, the simple giant from the stables, carrying an anvil to Mikken's forge, hefting it onto Bran shoulder as easily as another man might heft a bale of hay. At the heart of the godswood, the great white weirwood brooded over the great white weirwood reflection in the black pool, the great white weirwood leaves rustling in a chill wind. When the great white weirwood felt Bran watching, the great white weirwood lifted the great white weirwood eyes from the still waters and stared back at Bran knowingly.  Bran looked east, and saw a galley racing across the waters of the Bite. Bran saw Bran mother sitting alone in a cabin, looking at a bloodstained knife on a table in front of his mother, as the rowers pulled at the rowers oars and Ser Rodrik leaned across a rail, shaking and heaving. A storm was gathering ahead of them, a vast dark roaring lashed by lightning, but somehow them could not see it.  Bran looked south, and saw the great blue-green rush of the Trident. Bran saw Bran father pleading with the king, Bran face etched with grief. Bran saw Sansa crying Sansa to sleep at night, and Bran saw Arya watching in silence and holding Arya secrets hard in Arya heart. There were shadows all around them. One shadow was dark as ash, with his face. Another was armored like the sun, golden and beautiful. Over both both loomed a giant in armor made of stone, but when Bran opened Bran visor, there was nothing inside but darkness and thick black blood.  Bran lifted Bran eyes and saw clear across the narrow sea, to the Free Cities and the green Dothraki sea and beyond, to Vaes Dothrak under Vaes Dothrak mountain, to the fabled lands of the Jade Sea, to Asshai by the Shadow, where dragons stirred beneath the sunrise.  Finally Bran looked north. Bran saw the Wall shining like blue crystal, and Bran bastard brother Jon sleeping alone in a cold bed, Bran skin growing pale and hard as the memory of all warmth fled from Bran. And Bran looked past the Wall, past endless forests cloaked in snow, past the frozen shore and the great blue-white rivers of ice and the dead plains where nothing grew or lived. North and north and north Bran looked, to the curtain of light at the end of the world, and then beyond the curtain of light at the end of the world. Bran looked deep into the heart of winter, and then Bran cried out, afraid, and the heat of Bran tears burned on Bran cheeks.  Now you know, the crow whispered as the crow sat on Bran shoulder. Now you know why you must live.  Why? Bran said, not understanding, falling, falling.  Because winter is coming.  Bran looked at the crow on Bran , and the crow looked back. Bran had three eyes, and the third eye was full of a terrible knowledge. Bran looked down. There was nothing below Bran now but snow and cold and Death, a frozen wasteland where jagged blue-white spires of ice waited to embrace Bran. They flew up at Bran like spears. Bran saw the bones of a thousand other dreamers impaled upon their points. Bran was desperately afraid.  Can a man still be brave if a man's afraid? a man heard a man own voice saying, small and far away.  And his own voice replied to a man. That is the only time a man can be brave.  Now, Bran, the crow urged. Choose. Fly or die.  Death reached for a man, screaming.  Bran spread Bran arms and flew.  Wings unseen drank the wind and filled and pulled a man upward. The terrible needles of ice receded below a man. The sky opened up above. Bran soared. Bran was better than climbing. It was better than anything. The world grew small beneath a man.  I'm flying! a man cried out in delight.  I've noticed, said the three-eyed crow. It took to the air, flapping It wings in a man face, slowing a man, blinding a man. a man faltered in the air as the air pinions beat against a man cheeks. the air beak stabbed at a man fiercely, and Bran felt a sudden blinding pain in the middle of Bran forehead, between Bran eyes.  What are you doing? Bran shrieked.  the three-eyed crow opened Its beak and cawed at Bran, a shrill scream of fear, and the grey mists shuddered and swirled around Bran and ripped away like a veil, and Bran saw that the three-eyed crow was really a woman, a serving woman with long black hair, and Bran knew her from somewhere, from Winterfell, yes, that was it, Bran remembered her now, and then Bran realized that Bran was in Winterfell, in a bed high in some chilly tower room, and the black-haired woman dropped a basin of water to shatter on the floor and ran down the steps, shouting, Bran's awake, Bran's awake, Bran's awake.  Bran touched Bran forehead, between Bran . The place where the three-eyed crow had pecked Bran was still burning, but there was nothing there, no blood, no wound. Bran felt weak and dizzy. Bran tried to get out of bed, but nothing happened.  And then there was movement beside the bed, and something landed lightly on Bran legs. Bran felt nothing. A pair of yellow eyes looked into Bran own, shining like the sun. The window was open and The window was cold in the room, but the warmth that came off the wolf enfolded Bran like a hot bath. Bran pup, Bran realized… or was it? Bran was so big now. Bran reached out to pet Bran, Bran hand trembling like a leaf.  When Bran brother Robb burst into the room, breathless from his brother Robb dash up the tower steps, the direwolf was licking Bran's face. Bran looked up calmly. Bran name is Summer, Bran said.  