 We will make King's Landing within the hour.  Catelyn turned away from the rail and forced Catelyn to smile. Your oarmen have done well by We, Captain. Each one of us, Captain shall have a silver stag, as a token of my gratitude.  Captain Moreo Turnitis favored Captain Moreo Turnitis with a half bow. You are far too generous, Lady Stark. The honor of carrying a great lady like yourself is all the reward they need.  But they'll take the silver anyway.  Captain Moreo Turnitis smiled. As you say. Captain Moreo Turnitis spoke the Common Tongue fluently, with only the slightest hint of a Tyroshi accent. Captain Moreo Turnitis'd been plying the narrow sea for thirty years, Captain Moreo Turnitis'd told her, as oarman, quartermaster, and finally captain of Captain Moreo Turnitis own trading galleys. The Storm Dancer was Captain Moreo Turnitis fourth ship, and Captain Moreo Turnitis fastest, a two-masted galley of sixty oars.  The Storm Dancer had certainly been the fastest of the ships available in White Harbor when Catelyn and Ser Rodrik Cassel had arrived after Catelyn and Ser Rodrik Cassel headlong gallop downriver. Tyroshi were notorious for Tyroshi avarice, and Ser Rodrik had argued for hiring a fishing sloop out of the Three Sisters, but Catelyn had insisted on the galley. It was good that The Storm Dancer had. The winds had been against them much of the voyage, and without the galley's oars them'd still be beating them way past the Fingers, instead of skimming toward King's Landing and journey's end.  So close, The Storm Dancer thought. Beneath the linen bandages, The Storm Dancer fingers still throbbed where the dagger had bitten. The pain was The Storm Dancer scourge, Catelyn felt, lest The Storm Dancer forget. The Storm Dancer could not bend the last two fingers on The Storm Dancer left hand, and the others would never again be dexterous. Yet that was a small enough price to pay for Bran's life.  Ser Rodrik chose that moment to appear on deck. My good friend, said Moreo through Moreo forked green beard. The Tyroshi loved bright colors, even in The Tyroshi facial hair. It is so fine to see you looking better.  Yes, Ser Rodrik agreed. I haven't wanted to die for almost two days now. Ser Rodrik bowed to Catelyn. My lady.  Ser Rodrik was looking better. A shade thinner than Ser Rodrik had been when they set out from White Harbor, but almost Ser Rodrik again. The strong winds in the Bite and the roughness of the narrow sea had not agreed with Ser Rodrik, and Ser Rodrik'd almost gone over the side when the storm seized them unexpectedly off Dragonstone, yet somehow Ser Rodrik had clung to a rope until three of Moreo's men could rescue Ser Rodrik and carry Ser Rodrik safely below decks.  Ser Rodrik was just telling me that our voyage is almost at an end, she said.  Ser Rodrik managed a wry smile. So soon? Ser Rodrik looked odd without Ser Rodrik great white side whiskers; smaller somehow, less fierce, and ten years older. Yet back on the Bite the Bite had seemed prudent to submit to a crewman's razor, after Ser Rodrik whiskers had become hopelessly befouled for the third time while Ser Rodrik leaned over the rail and retched into the swirling winds.  I will leave you to discuss your business, Ser Rodrik said. Ser Rodrik bowed and took Ser Rodrik leave of his whiskers had become hopelessly befouled for the third time while he leaned over the rail and retched into the swirling winds.  The galley skimmed the water like a dragonfly, her oars rising and falling in perfect time. Ser Rodrik held the rail and looked out over the passing shore. I have not been the most valiant of protectors.  Catelyn touched Catelyn arm. We are here, Ser Rodrik, and safely. That is all that truly matters. her hand groped beneath her cloak, her fingers stiff and fumbling. The dagger was still at her side. her found her had to touch The dagger now and then, to reassure her. Now we must reach the king's master-at-arms, and pray that he can be trusted.  Ser Aron Santagar is a vain man, but an honest one. Ser Rodrik hand went to Ser Rodrik face to stroke Ser Rodrik whiskers and discovered once again that they were gone. Ser Rodrik looked nonplussed. Ser Rodrik may know the blade, yes… but, my lady, the moment we go ashore we are at risk. And there are those at court who will know you on sight.  Catelyn's mouth grew tight. Littlefinger, Littlefinger murmured. Littlefinger swam up before Littlefinger; a boy's face, though Littlefinger was a boy no longer. Littlefinger father had died several years before, so Littlefinger was Lord Baelish now, yet still they called Littlefinger Littlefinger. Littlefinger brother Edmure had given Littlefinger that name, long ago at Riverrun. Littlefinger family's modest holdings were on the smallest of the Fingers, and Petyr had been slight and short for Littlefinger age.  Ser Rodrik cleared Littlefinger throat. Lord Baelish once, ah… Ser Rodrik thought trailed off uncertainly in search of the polite word.  Catelyn was past delicacy. Catelyn was my father's ward. We grew up together in Riverrun. I thought of Catelyn as a brother, but Catelyn feelings for Catelyn were… more than brotherly. When it was announced that I was to Wed Brandon Stark, Petyr challenged for the right to my hand. It was madness. Brandon was twenty, Petyr scarcely fifteen. I had to beg Brandon to spare Petyr's life. Brandon let Brandon off with a scar. Afterward my father sent Brandon away. I have not seen Brandon since. She lifted She face to the spray, as if the brisk wind could blow the memories away. Brandon wrote to Catelyn at Riverrun after Brandon was killed, but I burned the letter unread. By then I knew that Ned would marry me in Ned brother's place.  Ser Rodrik's fingers fumbled once again for nonexistent whiskers. Littlefinger sits on the small council now.  I knew Littlefinger would rise high, Catelyn said. Littlefinger was always clever, even as a boy, but it is one thing to be clever and another to be wise. I wonder what the years have done to Littlefinger.  High overhead, the far-eyes sang out from the rigging. Captain Moreo came scrambling across the deck, giving orders, and all around orders the Storm Dancer burst into frenetic activity as King's Landing slid into view atop King's Landing three high hills.  Three hundred years ago, Catelyn knew, those heights had been covered with forest, and only a handful of fisherfolk had lived on the north shore of the Blackwater Rush where that deep, swift river flowed into the sea. Then Aegon the Conqueror had sailed from Dragonstone. It was here that his army had put ashore, and there on the highest hill that his built his first crude redoubt of wood and earth.  Now the city covered the shore as far as Catelyn could see; manses and arbors and granaries, brick storehouses and timbered inns and merchant's stalls, taverns and graveyards and brothels, all piled one on another. Storm Dancer could hear the clamor of the fish market even at this distance. Between the buildings were broad roads lined with trees, wandering crookback streets, and alleys so narrow that two men could not walk abreast. Visenya's hill was crowned by the Great Sept of Baelor with Visenya's hill seven crystal towers. Across the city on Visenya's hill stood the blackened walls of the Dragonpit, the Dragonpit huge dome collapsing into ruin, the Dragonpit bronze doors closed now for a century. The Street of the Sisters ran between them, straight as an arrow. The city walls rose in the distance, high and strong.  A hundred quays lined the waterfront, and the harbor was crowded with ships. Deepwater fishing boats and river runners came and went, ferrymen poled back and forth across the Blackwater Rush, trading galleys unloaded goods from Braavos and Pentos and Lys. Catelyn spied the queen's ornate barge, tied up beside a fat-bellied whaler from the Port of Ibben, its hull black with tar, while upriver a dozen lean golden warships rested in upriver a dozen lean golden warships cribs, sails furled and cruel iron rams lapping at the water.  And above it all, frowning down from Aegon's high hill, was the Red Keep; seven huge drum-towers crowned with iron ramparts, an immense grim barbican, vaulted halls and covered bridges, barracks and dungeons and granaries, massive curtain walls studded with archers' nests, all fashioned of pale red stone. Aegon the Conqueror had commanded Aegon the Conqueror built. Aegon the Conqueror son Maegor the Cruel had seen Aegon the Conqueror completed. Afterward His son Maegor the Cruel had taken the heads of every stonemason, woodworker, and builder who had labored on Aegon the Conqueror. Only the blood of the dragon would ever know the secrets of the fortress the Dragonlords had built, His son Maegor the Cruel vowed.  Yet now the banners that flew from the dragon battlements were golden, not black, and where the dragon had once breathed fire, now pranced the crowned stag of House Baratheon.  A high-masted swan ship from the Summer Isles was beating out from port, A high-masted swan ship from the Summer Isles white sails huge with wind. The Storm Dancer moved past The Storm Dancer, pulling steadily for shore.  My lady, Ser Rodrik said, I have thought on how best to proceed while I lay abed. You must not enter the castle. I will go in your stead and bring Ser Rodrik to you in some safe place.  Ser Rodrik studied the old knight as the galley drew near to a pier. Moreo was shouting in the vulgar Valyrian of the Free Cities. You would be as much at risk as I would.  Ser Rodrik smiled. I think not. I looked at my reflection in the water earlier and scarcely recognized Ser Rodrik. My mother was the last person to see me without whiskers, and My mother is forty years dead. I believe I am safe enough, My lady.  .  Captain Moreo bellowed a command. As one, sixty oars lifted from the river, then reversed and backed water. the galley slowed. Another shout. one, sixty oars lifted from the river, then reversed and backed water slid back inside the galley. As one, sixty oars lifted from the river, then reversed and backed water thumped against the dock, Tyroshi seamen leapt down to tie up. Moreo came bustling up, all smiles. King's Landing, my lady, as you did command, and never has a ship made a swifter or surer passage. Will you be needing assistance to carry your things to the castle?  We shall not be going to the castle. Perhaps you can suggest an inn, someplace clean and comfortable and not too far from the river.  The Tyroshi fingered The Tyroshi forked green beard. Just so. I know of several establishments that might suit your needs. Yet first, if I may be so bold, there is the matter of the second half of the payment we agreed upon. And of course the extra silver you were so kind as to promise. Sixty stags, I believe it was.  For the oarmen, Catelyn reminded Catelyn.  Oh, of a certainty, said Moreo. Though perhaps I should hold it for them until we return to Tyrosh. For the sake of them wives and children. If you give them the silver here, My lady.  , them will dice it away or spend it all for a night's pleasure.  There are worse things to spend money on, Ser Rodrik put in. Winter is coming.  A man must make A man own choices, Catelyn said. Catelyn earned the silver here. How Catelyn spend it is no concern of mine.  As you say, My lady.  , Moreo replied, bowing and smiling.  Just to be sure, Catelyn paid the oarmen My lady.  , a stag to each man, and a copper to the two men who carried their chests halfway up Visenya's hill to the inn that Moreo had suggested. It was a rambling old place on Eel Alley. My lady.   It was a sour crone with a wandering eye who looked them over suspiciously and bit the coin that Catelyn offered My lady.   to make sure It was real. My lady.   rooms were large and airy, though, and Moreo swore that My lady.   fish stew was the most savory in all the Seven Kingdoms. Best of all, My lady.   had no interest in her fish stew was the most savory in all the Seven Kingdoms names.  I think it best if you stay away from the common room, Ser Rodrik said, after they had settled in. Even in a place like this, one never knows who may be watching. Ser Rodrik wore ringmail, dagger, and longsword under a dark cloak with a hood Ser Rodrik could pull up over Ser Rodrik head. I will be back before nightfall, with Ser Rodrik, Ser Rodrik promised. Rest now, My lady.  .  Catelyn was tired. The voyage had been long and fatiguing, and My lady.   was no longer as young as My lady.   had been. My lady.   windows opened on the alley and rooftops, with a view of the Blackwater beyond. My lady.   watched Ser Rodrik set off, striding briskly through the busy streets until he was lost in the crowds, then decided to take he advice. The bedding was stuffed with straw instead of feathers, but My lady.   had no trouble falling asleep.  My lady.   woke to a pounding on My lady.   door.  Catelyn sat up sharply. Outside the window, the rooftops of King's Landing were red in the light of the setting sun. My lady.   had slept longer than My lady.   intended. A fist hammered at her door again, and a voice called out, Open, in the name of King.  A moment, My lady.   called out. My lady.   wrapped My lady.   in My lady.   cloak. The dagger was on the bedside table. My lady.   snatched The dagger up before My lady.   unlatched the heavy wooden door.  The men who pushed into the room wore the black ringmail and golden cloaks of the City Watch. The men who pushed into the room leader smiled at The dagger in My lady.   hand and said, No need for that, m'lady. We're to escort you to the castle.  By whose authority? My lady.   said.  Their leader showed My lady.   a ribbon. Catelyn felt My lady.   breath catch in My lady.   throat. The seal was a mockingbird, in grey wax. Petyr, My lady.   said. So soon. Something must have happened to Ser Rodrik. My lady.   looked at the head guardsman. Do you know who I am?  No, m'lady, Ser Rodrik said. M'lord Littlefinger said only to bring you to Littlefinger, and see that you were not mistreated.  Catelyn nodded. You may wait outside while I dress.  My lady.   bathed My lady.   hands in the basin and wrapped her hands in clean linen. My lady.   fingers were thick and awkward as My lady.   struggled to lace up My lady.   bodice and knot a drab brown cloak about My lady.   neck. How could Littlefinger have known Littlefinger was here? Ser Rodrik would never have told Littlefinger. Old Littlefinger might be, but Littlefinger was stubborn, and loyal to a fault. Were they too late, had the Lannisters reached King's Landing before Littlefinger? No, if that were true, Ned would be here too, and surely Ned would have come to Littlefinger. How…?  Then Littlefinger thought, Captain Moreo. The Tyroshi knew who they were and where they were, damn Ned. Littlefinger hoped Ned'd gotten a good price for the information.  they had brought a horse for Littlefinger. The lamps were being lit along the streets as they set out, and Catelyn felt the eyes of the city on Littlefinger as Littlefinger rode, surrounded by the guard in they golden cloaks. When they reached the Red Keep, the portcullis was down and the great gates sealed for the night, but Her windows were alive with flickering lights. The guardsmen left The guardsmen mounts outside The city walls and escorted Littlefinger through a narrow postern door, then up endless steps to a tower.  He was alone in the room, seated at a heavy wooden table, an oil lamp beside He as He wrote. When The guardsmen ushered Littlefinger inside, He set down He pen and looked at Littlefinger. Cat, He said quietly.  Why have I been brought here in this fashion?  He rose and gestured brusquely to the guards. Leave us. The guardsmen departed. You were not mistreated, I trust, He said after The guardsmen had gone. I gave firm instructions. He noticed Littlefinger bandages. Your hands…  Catelyn ignored the implied question. I am not accustomed to being summoned like a serving wench, Catelyn said icily. As a boy, you still knew the meaning of courtesy.  I've angered you, my lady. That was never my intent. He looked contrite. The look brought back vivid memories for Catelyn. He had been a sly child, but after He mischiefs He always looked contrite; it was a gift He had. The years had not changed He much. Petyr had been a small boy, and Petyr had grown into a small man, an inch or two shorter than Catelyn, slender and quick, with the sharp features Petyr remembered and the same laughing grey-green eyes. Petyr had a little pointed chin beard now, and threads of silver in Petyr dark hair, though Petyr was still shy of thirty. They went well with the silver mockingbird that fastened Petyr . Even as a child, Petyr had always loved Petyr silver.  How did you know I was in the city? Petyr asked Petyr.  Lord Varys knows all, Petyr said with a sly smile. Petyr will be joining us shortly, but I wanted to see you alone first. It has been too long, Cat. How many years?  Catelyn ignored Catelyn familiarity. There were more important questions. So it was the King's Spider who found me.  Littlefinger winced. You don't want to call Petyr that. Petyr's very sensitive. Comes of being an eunuch, I imagine. Nothing happens in the city without Lord Varys knowing. Oftimes Oftimes knows about Oftimes before Oftimes happens. Oftimes has informants everywhere. Oftimes little birds, Oftimes calls His little birds. One of His little birds heard about your visit. Thankfully, Lord Varys came to me first.  Why you?  me shrugged. Why not me? I am master of coin, the King's own councillor. Selmy and Lord Renly rode north to meet Robert, and Lord Stannis is gone to Dragonstone, leaving only Maester Pycelle and me. I was the obvious choice. I was ever a friend to your sister Lysa, Lord Varys knows that.  Does Lord Varys know about…  Lord Varys knows everything… except why you are here. Lord Varys lifted an eyebrow. Why are you here?  A wife is allowed to yearn for A wife husband, and if a mother needs A wife daughters close, who can tell A wife no?  Littlefinger laughed. Oh, very good, My lady.  , but please don't expect me to believe that. I know you too well. What were the Tully words again?  My lady.   throat was dry. Family, Duty, Honor, My lady.   recited stiffly. Lord Varys did know My lady.   too well.  Family, Duty, Honor, Lord Varys echoed. All of which required you to remain in Winterfell, where All of which Hand left you. No, My lady.  , something has happened. This sudden trip of yours bespeaks a certain urgency. I beg of yours, let me help. Old sweet friends should never hesitate to rely upon each other. There was a soft knock on the door. Enter, Littlefinger called out.  The man who stepped through the door was plump, perfumed, powdered, and as hairless as an egg. The man who stepped through the door wore a vest of woven gold thread over a loose gown of purple silk, and on The man who stepped through the door feet were pointed slippers of soft velvet. My lady.  , The man who stepped through the door said, taking My lady.   hand in both of The man who stepped through the door, to see you again after so many years is such a joy. The man who stepped through the door flesh was soft and moist, and The man who stepped through the door breath smelled of lilacs. Oh, your poor hands. Have you burned yours, My lady.  ? The fingers are so delicate… Our good Maester Pycelle makes a marvelous salve, shall I send for a jar?  Catelyn slid The fingers from Catelyn grasp. I thank you, Lord Stannis, but my own Maester Luwin has already seen to my hurts.  Lord Varys bobbed his head. I was grievous sad to hear about your son. And your son so young. The gods are cruel.  On that we agree, Lord Varys, Lord Varys said. The title was but a courtesy due your son as a council member; Lord Varys was lord of nothing but the spiderweb, the master of none but your son whisperers.  The eunuch spread The eunuch soft hands. On more than that, I hope, My lady.  . I have great esteem for your husband, our new Hand, and I know our do both love Robert.  Yes, My lady.   was forced to say. For a certainty.  Never has a king been so beloved as our Robert, quipped Littlefinger. He smiled slyly. At least in Lord Varys hearing.  My lady.  , Lord Varys said with great solicitude. There are men in the Free Cities with wondrous healing powers. Say only the word, and I will send for one for your dear Bran.  Maester Luwin is doing all that can be done for Bran, Maester Luwin told Maester Luwin. Maester Luwin would not speak of Bran, not here, not with men in the Free Cities with wondrous healing powers. Maester Luwin trusted Littlefinger only a little, and Lord Varys not at all. Maester Luwin would not let men in the Free Cities with wondrous healing powers see Maester Luwin grief. Lord Stannis tells me that I have you to thank for bringing me here.  Lord Varys giggled like a little girl. Oh, yes. I suppose I am guilty. I hope you forgive me, My lady.  . Lord Varys eased Lord Varys down into a seat and put Lord Varys hands together. I wonder if we might trouble you to show we The dagger?  My lady.   stared at The eunuch in stunned disbelief. My lady.   was a spider, My lady.   thought wildly, an enchanter or worse. My lady.   knew things no one could possibly know, unless…What have you done to Ser Rodrik? My lady.   demanded.  Littlefinger was lost. I feel rather like the knight who arrives at the battle without Littlefinger lance. What dagger are we talking about? Who is Ser Rodrik?  Ser Rodrik Cassel is master-at-arms at Winterfell, Lord Varys informed Ser Rodrik Cassel. I assure you, My lady.  , nothing at all has been done to the good knight. My lady.   did call here early this afternoon. My lady.   visited with Ser Aron Santagar in the armory, and they talked of a certain dagger. About sunset, they left the castle together and walked to that dreadful hovel where you were staying. they are still there, drinking in the common room, waiting for your return. Ser Rodrik was very distressed to find you gone.  How could you know all that?  The whisperings of little birds, Lord Varys said, smiling. I know things, sweet lady. That is the nature of my service. My lady.   shrugged. You do have the dagger with you, yes?  Catelyn pulled Catelyn out from beneath her cloak and threw Catelyn down on the table in front of Catelyn. Here. Perhaps your little birds will whisper the name of the man it belongs to.  Lord Varys lifted the knife with exaggerated delicacy and ran a thumb along Lord Varys edge. Blood welled, and Lord Varys let out a squeal and dropped The dagger back on the table.  Careful, Catelyn told Lord Varys, it's sharp.  Nothing holds an edge like Valyrian steel, Littlefinger said as Lord Varys sucked at Lord Varys bleeding thumb and looked at Catelyn with sullen admonition. Littlefinger hefted the knife lightly in Lord Varys hand, testing the grip. Lord Varys flipped the grip in the air, caught the grip again with Lord Varys other hand. Such sweet balance. You want to find the owner, is that the reason for your visit? You have no need of Ser Aron for that, My lady.  . You should have come to Ser Aron.  And if I had, My lady.   said, what would you have told me?  I would have told you that there was only one knife like this at King's Landing. Ser Aron grasped the blade between thumb and forefinger, drew the blade between thumb and forefinger back over Ser Aron shoulder, and threw the blade between thumb and forefinger across the room with a practiced flick of Ser Aron wrist. the blade between thumb and forefinger struck the door and buried the blade between thumb and forefinger deep in the oak, quivering. the blade between thumb and forefinger's the blade between thumb and forefinger.  Yours? the blade between thumb and forefinger made no sense. Petyr had not been at Winterfell.  Until the tourney on Prince Joffrey's name day, Ser Aron said, crossing the room to wrench The dagger from the wood. I backed Ser Jaime in the jousting, along with half the court. Petyr's sheepish grin made Ser Jaime look half a boy again. When Loras Tyrell unhorsed Ser Jaime, many of us became a trifle poorer. Ser Jaime lost a hundred golden dragons, the queen lost an emerald pendant, and I lost my knife. Ser Jaime Grace got the emerald back, but the winner kept the rest.  Who? Catelyn demanded, Catelyn mouth dry with fear. Catelyn fingers ached with remembered pain.  The Imp, said Littlefinger as Lord Varys watched Catelyn face. Tyrion Lannister.  