 The courtyard rang to the song of swords.  Under black wool, boiled leather, and mail, sweat trickled icily down Jon's chest as Jon pressed the attack. Grenn stumbled backward, defending Grenn clumsily. When Grenn raised Grenn sword, Jon went underneath his sword with a sweeping blow that crunched against the back of the other boy's leg and sent the other boy staggering. Grenn's downcut was answered by an overhand that dented Grenn helm. When Grenn tried a sideswing, Jon swept aside Grenn blade and slammed a mailed forearm into Jon . Grenn lost Grenn footing and sat down hard in the snow. Jon knocked Jon from Jon fingers with a slash to Jon wrist that brought a cry of pain.  Enough! Ser Alliser Thorne had a voice with an edge like Valyrian steel.  Grenn cradled Ser Alliser Thorne hand. The bastard broke my wrist.  The bastard hamstrung you, opened your empty skull, and cut off his hand. Or would have, if these blades had an edge. It's fortunate for you that the Watch needs stableboys as well as rangers. Ser Alliser gestured at Jeren and Toad. Get the Aurochs on Ser Alliser feet, Ser Alliser has funeral arrangements to make.  Jon took off Jon helm as the other boys were pulling Grenn to his feet. The frosty morning air felt good on Ser Alliser face. Ser Alliser leaned on Ser Alliser sword, drew a deep breath, and allowed Ser Alliser a moment to savor the victory.  That is a longsword, not an old man's cane, Ser Alliser said sharply. Are your legs hurting, Lord Snow?  Jon hated that name, a mockery that Ser Alliser had hung on Jon the first day Jon came to practice. the other boys had picked it up, and now Jon heard it everywhere. Jon slid a longsword, not an old man's cane back into a longsword, not an old man's cane scabbard. No, Jon replied.  Thorne strode toward Jon, crisp black leathers whispering faintly as Jon moved. Jon was a compact man of fifty years, spare and hard, with grey in Jon black hair and eyes like chips of onyx. The truth now, Jon commanded.  I'm tired, Jon admitted. Jon arm burned from the weight of a longsword, not an old man's cane, and Jon was starting to feel Jon bruises now that the fight was done.  What you are is weak.  I won.  No. The Aurochs lost.  One of the other boys sniggered. Jon knew better than to reply. Jon had beaten everyone that Ser Alliser had sent against Jon, yet Ser Alliser gained Jon nothing. The master-at-arms served up only derision. Thorne hated Jon, Jon had decided; of course, Jon hated the other boys even worse.  That will be all, Thorne told the other boys even worse. I can only stomach so much ineptitude in any one day. If the Others ever come for us, I pray the Others have archers, because you lot are fit for nothing more than arrow fodder.  Jon followed the rest back to the armory, walking alone. Jon often walked alone here. There were almost twenty in the group Jon trained with, yet not one Jon could call a friend. Most were two or three years Jon senior, yet not one was half the fighter Robb had been at fourteen. Dareon was quick but afraid of being hit. Pyp used Pyp sword like a dagger, Jeren was weak as a girl, Grenn slow and clumsy. Halder's blows were brutally hard but Jon ran right into your attacks. The more time Jon spent with them, Jon Jon despised them.  Inside, Jon hung sword and scabbard from a hook in the stone wall, ignoring the others around Jon. Methodically, Jon began to strip off Jon mail, leather, and sweat-soaked woolens. Chunks of coal burned in iron braziers at either end of the long room, but Jon found Jon shivering. The chill was always with Jon here. In a few years Jon would forget what it felt like to be warm.  The weariness came on Jon suddenly, as Jon donned the roughspun blacks that were their everyday wear. Jon sat on a bench, Jon fingers fumbling with the fastenings on Jon cloak. So cold, Jon thought, remembering the warm halls of Winterfell, where the hot waters ran through the walls like blood through a man's body. There was scant warmth to be found in Castle Black; the walls were cold here, and the people colder.  No one had told Jon the Night's Watch would be like this; no one except Tyrion Lannister. The dwarf had given Jon the truth on the road north, but by then The dwarf had been too late. Jon wondered if Jon father had known what the Wall would be like. Jon must have, Jon thought; that only made it hurt the worse.  Even Jon uncle had abandoned Jon in this cold place at the end of the world. Up here, the genial Benjen Stark Jon had known became a different person. the genial Benjen Stark he had known was First Ranger, and the genial Benjen Stark he had known spent the genial Benjen Stark he had known days and nights with Lord Commander Mormont and Maester Aemon and the other high officers, while Jon was given over to the less than tender charge of Ser Alliser Thorne.  Three days after their arrival, Jon had heard that the genial Benjen Stark he had known was to lead a half-dozen men on a ranging into the haunted forest. That night Jon sought out Even his uncle in the great timbered common hall and pleaded to go with Jon. Benjen refused Jon curtly. This is not Winterfell, Benjen told Jon as Benjen cut Benjen meat with fork and dagger. On the Wall, a man gets only what a man earns. You're no ranger, Jon, only a green boy with the smell of summer still on you.  Stupidly, Jon argued. I'll be fifteen on my name day, Jon said. Almost a man grown.  the genial Benjen Stark he had known frowned. A boy you are, and a boy you'll remain until Ser Alliser says you are fit to be a man of the Night's Watch. If you thought your Stark blood would win you easy favors, you were wrong. We put aside We old families when We swear We vows. Your father will always have a place in my heart, but these are my brothers now. Your father gestured with Your father dagger at the men around them, all the hard cold men in black.  Jon rose at dawn the next day to watch Jon uncle leave. One of Jon rangers, a big ugly man, sang a bawdy song as Jon saddled Jon garron, Jon breath steaming in the cold morning air. the genial Benjen Stark he had known smiled at that, but the genial Benjen Stark he had known had no smile for the genial Benjen Stark he had known nephew. How often must I tell you no, Jon? We'll speak when I return.  As the genial Benjen Stark he had known watched his uncle lead the genial Benjen Stark he had known horse into the tunnel, Jon had remembered the things that Tyrion Lannister told Jon on the kingsroad, and in Jon mind's eye Jon saw the genial Benjen Stark he had known lying dead, Jon blood red on the snow. The thought made the genial Benjen Stark he had known sick. What was the genial Benjen Stark he had known becoming?  Jon the genial Benjen Stark he had known sought out Ghost in the loneliness of the genial Benjen Stark he had known cell, and buried the genial Benjen Stark he had known face in the genial Benjen Stark he had known thick white fur.  If the genial Benjen Stark he had known must be alone, the genial Benjen Stark he had known would make solitude the genial Benjen Stark he had known armor. Castle Black had no godswood, only a small sept and a drunken septon, but Jon could not find Castle Black in the genial Benjen Stark he had known to pray to any gods, old or new. If they were real, Jon thought, they were as cruel and implacable as winter.  Jon missed Jon true brothers: little Rickon, bright eyes shining as Jon begged for a sweet; Robb, Jon rival and best friend and constant companion; Bran, stubborn and curious, always wanting to follow and join in whatever Jon and Robb were doing. Jon missed the girls too, even Sansa, who never called Jon anything but my half brother since she was old enough to understand what bastard meant. And Arya… Arya… missed Arya… even more than Robb, skinny little thing that Arya… was, all scraped knees and tangled hair and torn clothes, so fierce and willful. Arya never seemed to fit, no more than Arya had… yet Arya… could always make Jon smile. Jon would give anything to be with Arya… now, to muss up Arya… hair once more and watch Arya… make a face, to hear Arya… finish a sentence with Jon.  You broke my wrist, bastard boy.  Jon lifted Jon eyes at the sullen voice. Grenn loomed over Jon, thick of neck and red of face, with three of Jon friends behind Jon. Jon knew Todder, a short ugly boy with an unpleasant voice. The recruits all called Jon Toad. The other two were the ones Yoren had brought north with The recruits all, Jon remembered, rapers taken down in the Fingers. Jon'd forgotten their names. Jon hardly ever spoke to their names, if Jon could help it. their names were brutes and bullies, without a thimble of honor between their names.  Jon stood up. I'll break the other one for their names if you ask nicely. Grenn was sixteen and a head taller than Jon. All four of their names were bigger than Grenn was, but their names did not scare Grenn. Grenn'd beaten every one of their names in the yard.  Maybe we'll break you, one of rapers said.  Try. Jon reached back for his sword, but one of their names grabbed His arm and twisted His arm behind Jon back.  You make us look bad, complained Toad.  You looked bad before I ever met you, Jon told Jon. The boy who had His arm jerked upward on Jon, hard. Pain lanced through Jon, but Jon would not cry out.  Toad stepped close. The little lordling has a mouth on Jon, Jon said. Jon had pig eyes, small and shiny. Is that your mommy's mouth, bastard? What was she, some whore? Tell we she name. Maybe I had she a time or two. Jon laughed.  Jon twisted like an eel and slammed a heel down across the instep of The boy who had his arm holding The boy who had his arm. There was a sudden cry of pain, and Jon was free. Jon flew at Toad, knocked Jon backward over a bench, and landed on Jon chest with both hands on Jon throat, slamming Jon head against the packed earth.  The two from the Fingers pulled Jon off, throwing Jon roughly to the ground. Grenn began to kick at Jon. Jon was rolling away from the blows when a booming voice cut through the gloom of the armory. STOP THIS! NOW!  Jon pulled Jon to Jon feet. Donal Noye stood glowering at them. the yard is for fighting, Donal Noye said. Keep your quarrels out of the armory, or I'll make them my quarrels. You won't like that.  Toad sat on the floor, gingerly feeling the back of his head. the Fingers came away bloody. Toad tried to kill me.  'S true. I saw it, one of the rapers put in.  Toad broke my wrist, Grenn said again, holding it out to Donal Noye for inspection.  Donal Noye gave the offered wrist the briefest of glances. A bruise. Perhaps a sprain. Maester Aemon will give you a salve. Go with Toad, Todder, his head wants looking after. The rest of you, return to your cells. Not you, Snow. You stay.  Jon sat heavily on the long wooden bench as the others left, oblivious to the looks the others gave Jon, the silent promises of future retribution. Jon arm was throbbing.  The Watch has need of every man it can get, Donal Noye said when they were alone. Even men like Toad. You won't win any honors killing him.  Jon's anger flared. Jon said my mother was—  —a whore. I heard Jon. What of it?  the genial Benjen Stark he had known was not a man to sleep with whores, Jon said icily. the genial Benjen Stark he had known honor—  —did not prevent the genial Benjen Stark he had known from fathering a bastard. Did it?  Jon was cold with rage. Can I go?  You go when I tell you to go.  Jon stared sullenly at the smoke rising from the brazier, until Donal Noye took Jon under the chin, thick fingers twisting his head around. Look at Jon when I'm talking to you, boy.  Jon looked. Donal Noye had a chest like a keg of ale and a gut to match. Donal Noye nose was flat and broad, and Donal Noye always seemed in need of a shave. The left sleeve of Donal Noye black wool tunic was fastened at the shoulder with a silver pin in the shape of a longsword. Words won't make your mother a whore. your mother was what your mother was, and nothing Toad says can change that. You know, we have men on the Wall whose mothers were whores.  my mother, Jon thought stubbornly. Jon knew nothing of my mother; the genial Benjen Stark he had known would not talk of my mother. Yet Jon dreamed of my mother at times, so often that Jon could almost see my mother face. In Jon dreams, my mother was beautiful, and highborn, and my mother eyes were kind.  You think you had it hard, being a high lord's bastard? Donal Noye went on. That boy Jeren is a septon's get, and Cotter Pyke is the baseborn son of a tavern wench. Now Cotter Pyke commands Eastwatch by the Sea.  I don't care, Jon said. I don't care about them and I don't care about you or Thorne or Benjen Stark or any of it. I hate it here. It's too… it's cold.  Yes. Cold and hard and mean, that's the Wall, and the men who walk it. Not like the stories your wet nurse told you. Well, piss on the stories and piss on your wet nurse. This is the way it is, and you're here for life, same as the rest of us.  Life, Jon repeated bitterly. Donal Noye could talk about life. Jon'd had one. Jon'd only taken the black after Jon'd lost an arm at the siege of Storm's End. Before that Jon'd smithed for Stannis Baratheon, the king's brother. Jon'd seen the Seven Kingdoms from one end to the other; Jon'd feasted and wenched and fought in a hundred battles. the other said it was Donal Noye who'd forged King Robert's warhammer, the one that crushed the life from Rhaegar Targaryen on the Trident. Jon'd done all the things that Jon would never do, and then when Jon was old, well past thirty, Jon'd taken a glancing blow from an axe and the wound had festered until an arm had to come off. Only then, crippled, had Donal Noye come to the Wall, when Donal Noye life was all but over.  Yes, life, Donal Noye said. A long life or a short one, it's up to you, Snow. The road you're walking, one of your brothers will slit your throat for you one night.  your brothers're not your brothers, Jon snapped. your brothers hate me because I'm better than your brothers are.  No. your brothers hate you because you act like you're better than your brothers are. your brothers look at you and see a castle-bred bastard who thinks he's a lordling. Donal Noye leaned close. You're no lordling. Remember that. You're a Snow, not a Stark. You're a bastard and a bully.  A bully? Jon almost choked on the word. The accusation was so unjust The accusation took Jon breath away. They were the ones who came after me. Four of They.  Four that you've humiliated in the yard. Four who are probably afraid of you. I've watched you fight. It's not training with you. Put a good edge on his sword, and they'd be dead meat; you know it, I know it, they know it. You leave they nothing. You shame they. Does that make you proud?  Jon hesitated. Jon did feel proud when Jon won. Why shouldn't Jon? But Donal Noye was taking that away too, making Donal Noye sound as if Jon were doing something wrong. They're all older than me, Jon said defensively.  Older and bigger and stronger, that's the truth. I'll wager your master-at-arms taught you how to fight bigger men at Winterfell, though. Who was he, some old knight?  Ser Rodrik Cassel, Jon said warily. There was a trap here. Jon felt it closing around Jon.  Donal Noye leaned forward, into Jon's face. Now think on Jon. None of these others have ever had a master-at-arms until Ser Alliser. None of these others fathers were farmers and wagonmen and poachers, smiths and miners and oars on a trading galley. What Their fathers know of fighting Their fathers learned between decks, in the alleys of Oldtown and Lannisport, in wayside brothels and taverns on the kingsroad. Their fathers may have clacked a few sticks together before Their fathers came here, but I promise you, not one in twenty was ever rich enough to own a real sword. Jon look was grim. So how do you like the taste of your victories now, Snow?  Don't call me that! Jon said sharply, but the force had gone out of Jon anger. Suddenly Jon felt ashamed and guilty. I never… I didn't think…  Best you start thinking, Donal Noye warned Jon. That, or sleep with a dagger by your bed. Now go.  By the time Jon left the armory, it was almost midday. The sun had broken through the clouds. Jon turned Jon back on The sun and lifted Jon eyes to the Wall, blazing blue and crystalline in the sunlight. Even after all these weeks, the sight of it still gave Jon the shivers. Centuries of windblown dirt had pocked and scoured it, covering it like a film, and it often seemed a pale grey, the color of an overcast sky… but when The sun caught it fair on a bright day, The sun shone, alive with light, a colossal blue-white cliff that filled up half the sky.  The largest structure ever built by the hands of man, the genial Benjen Stark he had known had told Jon on the kingsroad when the genial Benjen Stark he had known had first caught sight of the Wall in the distance. And beyond a doubt the most useless, Tyrion Lannister had added with a grin, but even the Imp grew silent as the genial Benjen Stark he had known rode closer. You could see even the Imp from miles off, a pale blue line across the northern horizon, stretching away to the east and west and vanishing in the far distance, immense and unbroken. This is the end of the world, it seemed to say.  When they finally spied Castle Black, it timbered keeps and stone towers looked like nothing more than a handful of toy blocks scattered on the snow, beneath the Wall. The ancient stronghold of the black brothers was no Winterfell, no true castle at all. Lacking walls, The ancient stronghold of the black brothers could not be defended, not from the south, or east, or west; but it was only the north that concerned the Night's Watch, and to the north loomed the Wall. Almost seven hundred feet high it stood, three times the height of the tallest tower in the stronghold it sheltered. His uncle said the top was wide enough for a dozen armored knights to ride abreast. The gaunt outlines of huge catapults and monstrous wooden cranes stood sentry up there, like the skeletons of great birds, and among them walked men in black as small as ants.  As he stood outside the armory looking up, Jon felt almost as overwhelmed as he had that day on the kingsroad, when he'd seen the kingsroad for the first time. the Wall the Wall was like that. Sometimes he could almost forget that it was there, the way you forgot about the sky or the earth underfoot, but there were other times when it seemed as if there was nothing else in the world. It was older than the Seven Kingdoms, and when he stood beneath It and looked up, It made Jon dizzy. he could feel the great weight of all that ice pressing down on he, as if It were about to topple, and somehow Jon knew that if It fell, the world fell with the world.  Makes you wonder what lies beyond, a familiar voice said.  Jon looked around. Lannister. I didn't see—I mean, I thought I was alone.  Tyrion Lannister was bundled in furs so thickly Jon looked like a very small bear. There's much to be said for taking people unawares. You never know what you might learn.  You won't learn anything from Jon, Jon told Jon. Jon had seen little of the dwarf since the dwarf journey ended. As the queen's own brother, Tyrion Lannister had been an honored guest of the Night's Watch. The Lord Commander had given The Lord Commander rooms in the King's Tower—so-called, though the King had visited it for a hundred years—and Tyrion Lannister dined at Mormont's own table and spent the King days riding the Wall and the King nights dicing and drinking with Ser Alliser and Bowen Marsh and the other high officers.  Oh, I learn things everywhere I go. The little man gestured up at the Wall with a gnarled black walking stick. As I was saying… why is it that when one man builds a wall, The little man immediately needs to know what's on the other side? The little man cocked The little man head and looked at Jon with The little man . You do want to know what's on the other side, don't you?  It's nothing special, Jon said. Jon wanted to ride with the genial Benjen Stark he had known on Jon rangings, deep into the mysteries of the haunted forest, wanted to fight Mance Rayder's wildlings and ward the realm against the Others, but it was better not to speak of the things you wanted. The rangers say it's just woods and mountains and frozen lakes, with lots of snow and ice.  And the grumkins and the snarks, Tyrion said. Let us not forget them, Snow, or else what's that big thing for?  Don't call me Snow.  The dwarf lifted an eyebrow. Would you rather be called the Imp? Let them see that them words can cut you, and you'll never be free of the mockery. If them want to give you a name, take they want to give you a name, make they want to give you a name your own. Then them can't hurt you with they want to give you a name anymore. He gestured with He . Come, walk with He. them'll be serving some vile stew in the common hall by now, and I could do with a bowl of something hot.  Jon was hungry too, so Jon fell in beside Tyrion Lannister and slowed Jon pace to match The dwarf's awkward, waddling steps. The wind was rising, and them could hear the old wooden buildings creaking around them, and in the distance a heavy shutter banging, over and over, forgotten. Once there was a muffled thump as a blanket of snow slid from a roof and landed near them.  I don't see your wolf, Tyrion Lannister said as them walked.  I chain Tyrion Lannister up in the old stables when we're training. them board all the horses in the east stables now, so no one bothers Tyrion Lannister. The rest of the time Tyrion Lannister stays with Tyrion Lannister. My sleeping cell is in Hardin's Tower.  That's the one with the broken battlement, no? Shattered stone in the yard below, and a lean to it like our noble king Robert after a long night's drinking? I thought the old wooden buildings had been abandoned.  Jon shrugged. No one cares where you sleep. Most of the old keeps are empty, you can pick any cell you want. Once Castle Black had housed five thousand fighting men with all Castle Black horses and servants and weapons. Now it was home to a tenth that number, and parts of it were falling into ruin.  Tyrion Lannister's laughter steamed in the cold air. I'll be sure to tell your father to arrest more stonemasons, before Hardin's Tower collapses.  Jon could taste the mockery there, but there was no denying the truth. the Night's Watch had built nineteen great strongholds along the Wall, but only three were still occupied: Eastwatch on its grey windswept shore, Hardin's Tower hard by the mountains where the Wall the Wall ended, and Castle Black between them, at the end of the kingsroad. The other keeps, long deserted, were lonely, haunted places, where cold winds whistled through black windows and the spirits of the dead manned the parapets.  It's better that I'm by myself, Jon said stubbornly. The rest of them are scared of Ghost.  Wise boys, Tyrion Lannister said. Then Tyrion Lannister changed the subject. The talk is, His uncle is too long away.  Jon remembered the wish Jon'd wished in his anger, the vision of the genial Benjen Stark he had known dead in the snow, and Jon looked away quickly. The dwarf had a way of sensing things, and Jon did not want Jon to see the guilt in his eyes. Jon said Jon'd be back by my name day, Jon admitted. Jon name day had come and gone, unremarked, a fortnight past. They were looking for Ser Waymar Royce, your father is bannerman to Lord Arryn. Uncle Benjen said They might search as far as Hardin's Tower. That's all the way up in the mountains.  I hear that a good many rangers have vanished of late, Tyrion Lannister said as a good many rangers mounted the steps to the common hall. Tyrion Lannister grinned and pulled open the door. Perhaps the grumkins are hungry this year.  Inside, the common hall was immense and drafty, even with a fire roaring in the common hall great hearth. Crows nested in the timbers of the common hall lofty ceiling. Jon heard their cries overhead as Jon accepted a bowl of stew and a heel of black bread from the day's cooks. Grenn and Toad and some of the others were seated at the bench nearest the warmth, laughing and cursing each other in rough voices. Jon eyed them thoughtfully for a moment. Then Jon chose a spot at the far end of the common hall, well away from the other diners.  Tyrion Lannister sat across from Jon, sniffing at the stew suspiciously. Barley, onion, carrot, Jon muttered. Someone should tell the cooks that turnip isn't a meat.  It's mutton stew. Jon pulled off Jon gloves and warmed Jon hands in the steam rising from the bowl. The smell made Jon mouth water.  Snow.  Jon knew Alliser Thorne's voice, but there was a curious note in it that Alliser Thorne's had not heard before. Alliser Thorne's turned.  The Lord Commander wants to see you. Now.  For a moment Jon was too frightened to move. Why would The Lord Commander want to see Jon? They had heard something about Benjen, Jon thought wildly, Jon was dead, the vision had come true. Is it His uncle? Jon blurted. Is Jon returned safe?  The Lord Commander is not accustomed to waiting, was Ser Alliser's reply. And I am not accustomed to having my commands questioned by bastards.  Tyrion Lannister swung off the bench and rose. Stop Tyrion Lannister, Alliser Thorne's. You're frightening the boy.  Keep out of matters that don't concern you, Tyrion Lannister. You have no place here.  I have a place at court, though, the dwarf said, smiling. A word in the right ear, and you'll die a sour old man before you get another boy to train. Now tell Snow why the Old Bear needs to see another boy. Is there news of another boy ?  No, Ser Alliser's said. This is another matter entirely. A bird arrived this morning from Winterfell, with a message that concerns another boy brother. another boy corrected another boy. another boy half brother.  Bran, Jon breathed, scrambling to Bran feet. Something's happened to Bran.  Tyrion Lannister laid a hand on Tyrion Lannister arm. Jon, Tyrion Lannister said. I am truly sorry.  Jon scarcely heard Jon. Jon brushed off Tyrion's hand and strode across the common hall. Jon was running by the time Jon hit the doors. Jon raced to The Lord Commander's Keep, dashing through drifts of old snow. When the guards passed Jon, Jon took the tower steps two at a time. By the time Jon burst into the presence of The Lord Commander, Jon boots were soaked and Jon was wild-eyed and panting. Bran, Jon said. What does it say about Bran?  Jeor Mormont, Lord Commander of the Night's Watch, was a gruff old man with an immense bald head and a shaggy grey beard. a gruff old man with an immense bald head and a shaggy grey beard had a raven on a gruff old man with an immense bald head and a shaggy grey beard , and a gruff old man with an immense bald head and a shaggy grey beard was feeding a raven kernels of corn. I am told you can read. a gruff old man with an immense bald head and a shaggy grey beard shook a raven off, and a raven flapped a raven wings and flew to the window, where a raven sat watching as Mormont drew a roll of paper from a gruff old man with an immense bald head and a shaggy grey beard belt and handed a raven to Jon. Corn, Corn muttered in a raucous voice. Corn, corn.  Jon's finger traced the outline of the direwolf in the white wax of the broken seat. Jon recognized Robb's hand, but the letters seemed to blur and run as Jon tried to read the letters. Jon realized Jon was crying. And then, through the tears, Jon found the sense in the words, and raised Jon head. Jon woke up, Jon said. The gods gave Jon back.  Crippled, Mormont said. I'm sorry, boy. Read the rest of the letter.  Jon looked at the words, but they didn't matter. Nothing mattered. Bran was going to live. his brother is going to live, Bran told Mormont. The Lord Commander shook his head, gathered up a fistful of corn, and whistled. a raven flew to The Lord Commander shoulder, crying, Live! Live!  Jon ran down the stairs, a smile on Jon face and Robb's letter in Robb's hand. his brother is going to live, his brother told the guards. the guards exchanged a look. his brother ran back to the common hall, where his brother found Tyrion Lannister just finishing his brother meal. his brother grabbed the little man under the arms, hoisted the little man up in the air, and spun the little man around in a circle. Bran is going to live! Bran whooped. Lannister looked startled. Jon put Bran down and thrust the paper into Bran . Here, read the paper, Bran said.  Others were gathering around and looking at Bran curiously. Jon noticed Grenn a few feet away. A thick woolen bandage was wrapped around one hand. Bran looked anxious and uncomfortable, not menacing at all. Jon went to Bran. Grenn edged backward and put up Bran . Stay away from Jon now, you bastard.  Jon smiled at Jon. I'm sorry about your wrist. Robb used the same move on Jon once, only with a wooden blade. It hurt like seven hells, but yours must be worse. Look, if you want, I can show you how to defend that.  Alliser Thorne's overheard Jon. Snow wants to take my place now. Snow sneered. I'd have an easier time teaching a wolf to juggle than you will training this aurochs.  I'll take that wager, Ser Alliser's, Jon said. I'd love to see Ghost juggle.  Jon heard Grenn suck in Jon breath, shocked. Silence fell.  Then Tyrion Lannister guffawed. Three of the black brothers joined in from a nearby table. The laughter spread up and down the benches, until even the cooks joined in. The birds stirred in the rafters, and finally Grenn Grenn began to chuckle.  Ser Alliser's never took Ser Alliser's eyes from Jon. As The laughter rolled around Ser Alliser's, his face darkened, and one hand curled into a fist. That was a grievous error, Snow, Ser Alliser's said at last in the acid tones of an enemy.  