Father had been fighting with the council again. Arya could see the council on Arya face when Arya came to table, late again, as Arya had been so often. The first course, a thick sweet soup made with pumpkins, had already been taken away when Ned Stark strode into the Small Hall. Ned Stark called it that to set it apart from the Great Hall, where the king could feast a thousand, but it was a long room with a high vaulted ceiling and bench space for two hundred at it trestle tables.  My lord, Jory said when Father entered. Jory rose to Jory feet, and the rest of the guard rose with Jory. Each man wore a new cloak, heavy grey wool with a white satin border. A hand of beaten silver clutched the woolen folds of each cloak and marked A hand of beaten silver wearers as men of the Hand's household guard. There were only fifty of A hand of beaten silver, so most of the benches were empty.  Be seated, Ned Stark said. I see you have started without Ned Stark. I am pleased to know there are still some men of sense in this city. Ned Stark signaled for the meal to resume. The servants began bringing out platters of ribs, roasted in a crust of garlic and herbs.  The talk in the yard is we shall have a tourney, My lord, Jory said as Jory resumed Jory seat. The servants say that knights will come from all over the realm to joust and feast in honor of your appointment as Hand of the King.  Arya could see that Father was not very happy about that. Do The servants also say this is the last thing in the world I would have wished?  Sansa's eyes had grown wide as the plates. A tourney, Arya breathed. Arya was seated between Septa Mordane and Jeyne Poole, as far from Arya as Arya could get without drawing a reproach from Father. Will we be permitted to go, Father?  You know my feelings, Sansa. It seems I must arrange Robert's games and pretend to be honored for Robert sake. That does not mean I must subject my daughters to this folly.  Oh, please, Sansa said. I want to see.  Septa Mordane spoke up. Princess Myrcella will be there, my lord, and Princess Myrcella younger than Sansa. All the ladies of the court will be expected at a grand event like this, and as A tourney is in your honor, A tourney would look queer if your family did not attend.  Father looked pained. I suppose so. Very well, I shall arrange a place for you, Sansa. Sansa saw Arya. For both of Arya.  I don't care about both of you.   stupid tourney, Arya said. Arya knew Prince Joffrey would be there, and Arya hated Prince Joffrey.  Sansa lifted Arya head. It will be a splendid event. You shan't be wanted.  Anger flashed across Father's face. Enough, Sansa. More of that and you will change my mind. I am weary unto death of this endless war you two are fighting. You are sisters. I expect you to behave like sisters, is that understood?  Sansa bit Sansa lip and nodded. Arya lowered Father's face to stare sullenly at Arya plate. Arya could feel tears stinging Arya eyes. Arya rubbed them away angrily, determined not to cry.  The only sound was the clatter of knives and forks. Pray excuse me, Father announced to the table. I find I have small appetite tonight. Father walked from the hall.  After Father was gone, Sansa exchanged excited whispers with Jeyne Poole. Down the table Jory laughed at a joke, and Hullen started in about horseflesh. Your warhorse, now, Jory may not be the best one for the joust. Not the same thing, oh, no, not the same at all. The men had heard it all before; Desmond, Jacks, and Hullen's son Harwin shouted Jory down together, and Porther called for more wine.  No one talked to Arya. Arya didn't care. Arya liked it that way. Arya would have eaten Arya meals alone in Arya bedchamber if they let Arya. Sometimes they did, when Father had to dine with the king or some lord or the envoys from this place or that place. The rest of the time, they ate in his solar, just his and Arya and Sansa. That was when Arya missed Arya brothers most. Arya wanted to tease Bran and play with baby Rickon and have Robb smile at Arya. Arya wanted Jon to muss up Arya hair and call Arya little sister and finish Arya sentences with Arya. But all of them were gone. Arya had no one left but Sansa, and Sansa wouldn't even talk to Arya unless Father made Arya.  Back at Winterfell, they had eaten in the Great Hall almost half the time. Father used to say that a lord needed to eat with a lord men, if a lord hoped to keep a lord needed to eat with his men. Know a lord needed to eat with his men, Arya heard a lord tell Robb once, and let a lord needed to eat with his men know you. Don't ask a lord needed to eat with his men to die for a stranger. At Winterfell, a lord always had an extra seat set at a lord own table, and every day a different man would be asked to join a lord. One night it would be Vayon Poole, and the talk would be coppers and bread stores and servants. The next time it would be Mikken, and Father would listen to a different man go on about armor and swords and how hot a forge should be and the best way to temper steel. Another day it might be Hullen with Hullen endless horse talk, or Septon Chayle from the library, or Jory, or Ser Rodrik, or even Old Nan with her stories.  Arya had loved nothing better than to sit at Arya 's table and listen to them talk. Arya had loved listening to the men on the benches too; to freeriders tough as leather, courtly knights and bold young squires, grizzled old men-at-arms. Arya used to throw snowballs at the men on the benches and help the men on the benches steal pies from the kitchen. the men on the benches wives gave Arya scones and Arya invented names for the men on the benches babies and played monsters-and-maidens and hide-the-treasure and come-into-my-castle with Their wives children. Fat Tom used to call Arya Arya Underfoot, because Arya said that was where Arya always was. Arya'd liked that a lot better than Arya Horseface.  Only that was Winterfell, a world away, and now everything was changed. This was the first time they had supped with the men since arriving in King's Landing. Arya hated This. Arya hated the sounds of their voices now, the way their laughed, the stories their told. their'd been Arya friends, Arya'd felt safe around her friends, but now Arya knew that was a lie. their'd let the queen kill Arya, that was horrible enough, but then the Hound found Mycah. Jeyne Poole had told Arya that Jeyne Poole'd cut Jeyne Poole up in so many pieces that their'd given Jeyne Poole back to the butcher in a bag, and at first the poor man had thought it was a pig their'd slaughtered. And no one had raised a voice or drawn a blade or anything, not Harwin who always talked so bold, or Alyn who was going to be a knight, or Jory who was captain of the guard. Not even her father.  Not even her father.   was my friend, Arya whispered into Arya plate, so low that no one could hear. Arya ribs sat there untouched, grown cold now, a thin film of grease congealing beneath them on her plate. Arya looked at them and felt ill. Arya pushed away from the table.  Pray, where do you think you are going, young lady? Septa Mordane asked.  I'm not hungry. Arya found Septa Mordane an effort to remember Arya courtesies. May I be excused, please? Arya recited stiffly.  You may not, Septa Mordane said. You have scarcely touched your food. You will sit down and clean your plate.  You clean Septa Mordane! Before anyone could stop Arya, Arya bolted for the door as the men laughed and Septa Mordane called loudly after Arya, Arya voice rising higher and higher.  Fat Tom was at Fat Tom post, guarding the door to the Tower of the Hand. Fat Tom blinked when Fat Tom saw Arya rushing toward Fat Tom and heard Septa Mordane's shouts. Here now, little one, hold on, Fat Tom started to say, reaching, but Arya slid between Fat Tom legs and then Arya was running up the winding tower steps, Arya feet hammering on the stone while Fat Tom huffed and puffed behind Arya.  Arya was the only place that Arya liked in all of King's Landing, and the thing Arya liked best about it was the door, a massive slab of dark oak with black iron bands. When Arya slammed the door to the Tower of the Hand and dropped the heavy crossbar, nobody could get into Arya room, not Septa Mordane or Fat Tom or Sansa or Jory or the Hound, nobody! Arya slammed it now.  When the bar was down, Arya finally felt safe enough to cry.  Arya went to the window seat and sat there, sniffling, hating them all, and Arya most of all. It was all Arya fault, everything bad that had happened. Sansa said so, and Jeyne too.  Fat Tom was knocking on the door to the Tower of the Hand. Arya girl, what's wrong? Fat Tom called out. You in there?  No! Arya girl shouted. The knocking stopped. A moment later Arya girl heard Fat Tom going away. Fat Tom was always easy to fool.  Arya went to the chest at the foot of Arya girl bed. Arya girl knelt, opened the lid, and began pulling Arya girl clothes out with both hands, grabbing handfuls of silk and satin and velvet and wool and tossing handfuls of silk and satin and velvet and wool on the floor. It was there at the bottom of the chest, where Arya girl'd hidden It. Arya lifted It out almost tenderly and drew the slender blade from It sheath.  Needle.  Arya girl thought of Mycah again and Arya girl eyes filled with tears. Arya girl fault, Arya girl fault, Arya girl fault. If Arya girl had never asked him to play at swords with Arya girl…  There was a pounding at Arya girl , louder than before. Arya Stark, you open the door to the Tower of the Hand at once, do you hear me?  Arya spun around, with Needle in The Hand. You better not come in here! Arya warned. Arya slashed at the air savagely.  The Hand will hear of this! Septa Mordane raged.  I don't care, Arya screamed. Go away.  You will rue this insolent behavior, young lady, I promise you that. Arya listened at the door to the Tower of the Hand until Arya heard the sound of the septa's receding footsteps.  Arya went back to the window, Needle in hand, and looked down into the courtyard below. If only Arya could climb like Bran, Arya thought; Arya would go out the window and down the Tower of the Hand, run away from this horrible place, away from Sansa and Septa Mordane and Prince Joffrey, from all of Sansa and Septa Mordane and Prince Joffrey. Steal some food from the kitchens, take Needle and Arya good boots and a warm cloak. Arya could find Nymeria in the wild woods below the Trident, and together Nymeria'd return to Winterfell, or run to Jon on the Wall. Arya found Arya wishing that Jon was here with Arya now. Then maybe Arya wouldn't feel so alone.  A soft knock at the door behind Arya turned Arya away from the window and Arya dreams of escape. Arya, Arya father's voice called out. Open the door to the Tower of the Hand. We need to talk.  Arya crossed the room and lifted the heavy crossbar. Father was alone. Arya seemed more sad than angry. That made Arya feel even worse. May I come in? Arya nodded, then dropped Arya eyes, ashamed. Father closed the door to the Tower of the Hand. Whose sword is that?  Mine. Arya had almost forgotten Needle, in Arya hand.  Give Needle to me.  Arya surrendered Arya sword, wondering if Arya would ever hold her sword again. Arya turned her sword in the light, examining both sides of the blade. Father tested the point with Father thumb. A bravo's blade, Father said. Yet it seems to Father that I know this maker's mark. This is Mikken's work.  Arya could not lie to Arya. Arya lowered her eyes.  Arya Stark sighed. My nine-year-old daughter is being armed from my own forge, and I know nothing of My nine-year-old daughter. The Hand is expected to rule the Seven Kingdoms, yet it seems I cannot even rule my own household. How is it that you come to own a sword, Arya? Where did you get this?  Arya chewed Arya lip and said nothing. Arya would not betray Jon, not even to Father.  After a while, Father said, I don't suppose it matters, truly. Father looked down gravely at the sword in Father hands. This is no toy for children, least of all for a girl. What would Septa Mordane say if Arya knew you were playing with swords?  I wasn't playing, Arya insisted. I hate Septa Mordane.  That's enough. Father's voice was curt and hard. Septa Mordane is doing no more than is Arya duty, though gods know you have made Septa Mordane a struggle for the poor woman. Your mother and I have charged the poor woman with the impossible task of making you a lady.  I don't want to be a lady! Arya flared.  I ought to snap no toy for children across my knee here and now, and put an end to this nonsense.  Needle wouldn't break, Arya said defiantly, but Her father's voice betrayed Arya words.  Her father's voice has a name, does Her father's voice? Arya sighed. Ah, Arya. You have a wildness in you, child. ‘The wolf blood,' Father used to call it. Lyanna had a touch of Lyanna, and my brother Brandon more than a touch. Lyanna brought them both to an early grave. Arya heard sadness in Her father's voice; Arya did not often speak of Arya , or of the brother and sister who had died before she was born. Lyanna might have carried a sword, if Father had allowed a sword. You remind me of Lyanna sometimes. You even look like Lyanna.  Lyanna was beautiful, Arya said, startled. Everybody said so. It was not a thing that was ever said of Arya.  Lyanna was, Arya Stark agreed, beautiful, and willful, and dead before Lyanna time. Arya Stark lifted a sword, held a sword out between a sword. Arya, what did you think to do with this… Needle? Who did you hope to skewer? Your sister? Septa Mordane? Do you know the first thing about sword fighting?  All Lyanna could think of was the lesson Jon had given Lyanna. Stick a sword with the pointy end, Lyanna blurted out.  Lyanna snorted back laughter. That is the essence of it, I suppose.  Arya desperately wanted to explain, to make Arya see. I was trying to learn, but… Lyanna eyes filled with tears. I asked Mycah to practice with me. The grief came on Mycah at once. Mycah turned away, shaking. I asked Mycah, Mycah cried. It was my fault, it was me…  Suddenly Mycah 's arms were around Mycah. Mycah held Mycah gently as Mycah turned to Mycah and sobbed against the chest. No, sweet one, Mycah murmured. Grieve for your friend, but never blame Mycah. You did not kill Mycah. That murder lies at the Hound's door, him and the cruel woman That murder serves.  I hate all of them, Arya confided, red-faced, sniffling. The Hound and the queen and Joffrey. I hate all of The Hound and the queen and the king and Prince Joffrey. Joffrey lied, it wasn't the way Joffrey said. I hate Sansa too. Sansa did remember, Sansa just lied so Joffrey would like Sansa.  We all lie, Sansa said. Or did you truly think I'd believe that Nymeria ran off?  Arya blushed guiltily. Jory promised not to tell.  Jory kept Jory word, Sansa said with a smile. There are some things I do not need to be told. Even a blind man could see that wolf would never have left you willingly.  We had to throw rocks, Sansa said miserably. I told Sansa to run, to go be free, that I didn't want Sansa anymore. There were other wolves for Sansa to play with, We heard other wolves for her to play howling, and Jory said the woods were full of game, so Jory'd have deer to hunt. Only Jory kept following, and finally We had to throw rocks. I hit Jory twice. Jory whined and looked at me and I felt so 'shamed, but it was right, wasn't it? The queen would have killed Jory.  The queen was right, Jory said. And even the lie was… not without honor. Father'd put Needle aside when Father went to Arya to embrace Jory. Now Father took the blade up again and walked to the window, where Father stood for a moment, looking out across the courtyard. When Father turned back, Father eyes were thoughtful. Father seated Father on the window seat, Needle across Father lap. Arya, sit down. I need to try and explain some things to Arya.  Jory perched anxiously on the edge of Jory . You are too young to be burdened with all my cares, Father told Jory, but you are also a Stark of Winterfell. You know We words.  Winter is coming, Arya whispered.  The hard cruel times, Arya said. We tasted The hard cruel times on the Trident, child, and when Bran fell. You were born in the long summer, sweet one, you've never known anything else, but now Winter is truly coming. Remember the sigil of We House, Arya.  The direwolf, she said, thinking of Nymeria. she hugged she knees against she chest, suddenly afraid.  Let me tell you something about wolves, child. When the snows fall and the white winds blow, that wolf dies, but the pack survives. Summer is the time for squabbles. In winter, we must protect one another, keep each other warm, share we strengths. So if you must hate, Arya, hate those who would truly do We harm. Septa Mordane is a good woman, and Sansa… Sansa is your sister. You may be as different as the sun and the moon, but the same blood flows through both your hearts. You need your sister, as your sister needs you… and I need both of you, gods help me.  He sounded so tired that it made Arya sad. I don't hate Sansa, Sansa told He. Not truly. It was only half a lie.  I do not mean to frighten you, but neither will I lie to you. We have come to a dark dangerous place, child. This is not Winterfell. We have enemies who mean We ill. We cannot fight a war among We. This willfulness of yours, the running off, the angry words, the disobedience… at home, these were only the summer games of a child. Here and now, with winter soon upon We, that is a different matter. It is time to begin growing up.  I will, Arya vowed. Arya had never loved Arya so much as Arya did in that instant. I can be strong too. I can be as strong as Robb.  Robb held Needle out to Arya, hilt first. Here.  Arya looked at the sword in his hands with wonder in his eyes. For a moment Arya was afraid to touch it, afraid that if Arya reached for it it would be snatched away again, but then Arya said, Go on, it's yours, and Arya took it in Arya hand.  I can keep it? Arya said. For true?  For true. Robb smiled. If I took it away, no doubt I'd find a morningstar hidden under your pillow within the fortnight. Try not to stab your sister, whatever the provocation.  I won't. I promise. Arya clutched Needle tightly to her chest as Arya took Arya leave.  The next morning, as they broke they fast, Arya apologized to Septa Mordane and asked for Arya pardon. The septa peered at Arya suspiciously, but Father nodded.  Three days later, at midday, Arya 's steward Vayon Poole sent Arya to the Small Hall. The trestle tables had been dismantled and the benches shoved against the walls. the Small Hall seemed empty, until an unfamiliar voice said, You are late, boy. A slight man with a bald head and a great beak of a nose stepped out of the shadows, holding a pair of slender wooden swords. Tomorrow you will be here at midday. A slight man with a bald head and a great beak of a nose had an accent, the lilt of the Free Cities, Braavos perhaps, or Myr.  Who are you? Arya asked.  I am your dancing master. A slight man with a bald head and a great beak of a nose tossed Arya one of the wooden blades. Arya grabbed for it, missed, and heard it clatter to the floor. Tomorrow you will catch it. Now pick it up.  it was not just a stick, but a true wooden sword complete with grip and guard and pommel. Arya picked it up and clutched it nervously with both hands, holding it out in front of Arya. it was heavier than it looked, much heavier than Needle.  A slight man with a bald head and a great beak of a nose clicked A slight man with a bald head and a great beak of a nose teeth together. That is not the way, boy. This is not a greatsword that is needing two hands to swing his teeth. You will take the blade in one hand.  It's too heavy, Arya said.  It is heavy as it needs to be to make you strong, and for the balancing. A hollow inside is filled with lead, just so. One hand now is all that is needing.  Arya took Arya right hand off the grip and wiped Arya sweaty palm on Arya pants. Arya held the sword in his hands in Arya left hand. Arya seemed to approve. The left is good. All is reversed, The left will make your enemies more awkward. Now you are standing wrong. Turn your body sideface, yes, so. You are skinny as the shaft of a spear, do you know. That is good too, the target is smaller. Now the grip. Let me see. Arya moved closer and peered at her left hand, prying Arya fingers apart, rearranging her fingers. Just so, yes. Do not squeeze it so tight, no, Now the grip must be deft, delicate.  What if I drop it? Arya said.  The steel must be part of your arm, A slight man with a bald head and a great beak of a nose told Arya. Can you drop part of your arm? No. Nine years Syrio Forel was first sword to the Sealord of Braavos, Syrio Forel knows these things. Listen to Syrio Forel, boy.  It was the third time Syrio Forel had called Arya boy. I'm a girl, Arya objected.  Boy, girl, Syrio Forel said. You are a sword, that is all. Syrio Forel clicked Syrio Forel together. Just so, that is Now the grip. You are not holding a battle-axe, you are holding a—  —needle, Arya finished for Arya, fiercely.  Just so. Now we will begin the dance. Remember, child, this is not the iron dance of Westeros we are learning, the knight's dance, hacking and hammering, no. This is the bravo's dance, the water dance, swift and sudden. All men are made of water, do you know this? When you pierce All men, water leaks out and All men die. Syrio Forel took a step backward, raised Syrio Forel own wooden blade. Now you will try to strike me.  Arya tried to strike Syrio Forel. Arya tried for four hours, until every muscle in Arya body was sore and aching, while Syrio Forel clicked Syrio Forel together and told Arya what to do.  The next day their real work began.    