 In the yard below, Rickon ran with the wolves.  Bran watched from Bran window seat. Wherever Bran went, Grey Wind was there first, loping ahead to cut Bran off, until Rickon saw Bran, screamed in delight, and went pelting off in another direction. Shaggydog ran at Bran heels, spinning and snapping if the other wolves came too close. Bran fur had darkened until Bran was all black, and Bran eyes were green fire. Bran's Summer came last. Bran was silver and smoke, with eyes of yellow gold that saw all there was to see. Smaller than Grey Wind, and more wary. Bran thought Bran was the smartest of the litter. Bran could hear Bran brother's breathless laughter as Rickon dashed across the hard-packed earth on little baby legs.  his eyes stung. Bran wanted to be down there, laughing and running. Angry at the thought, Bran knuckled away the tears before they could fall. Bran eighth name day had come and gone. Bran was almost a man grown now, too old to cry.  It was just a lie, Bran said bitterly, remembering the crow from Bran dream. I can't fly. I can't even run.  Crows are all liars, Old Nan agreed, from the chair where Old Nan sat doing Old Nan needlework. I know a story about a crow.  I don't want any more stories, Bran snapped, Bran voice petulant. Bran had liked Old Nan and Old Nan stories once. Before. But it was different now. They left Old Nan with Bran all day now, to watch over Bran and clean Bran and keep Bran from being lonely, but Old Nan just made it worse. I hate your stupid stories.  Old Nan smiled at Bran toothlessly. your stupid stories? No, my little lord, not mine. your stupid stories are, before me and after Old Nan, before you too.  Old Nan was a very ugly old woman, Bran thought spitefully; shrunken and wrinkled, almost blind, too weak to climb stairs, with only a few wisps of white hair left to cover a mottled pink scalp. No one really knew how old Old Nan was, but No one father said Old Nan'd been called Old Nan even when No one was a boy. Old Nan was the oldest person in Winterfell for certain, maybe the oldest person in the Seven Kingdoms. Old Nan had come to the castle as a wet nurse for a Brandon Stark whose mother had died birthing a Brandon Stark whose mother had died birthing him. a Brandon Stark whose mother had died birthing him had been an older brother of Lord Rickard, Bran's grandfather, or perhaps a younger brother, or a brother to Lord Rickard's father. Old Nan Old Nan told it one way and sometimes another. In all the stories the little boy died at three of a summer chill, but Old Nan stayed on at Winterfell with Old Nan own children. Old Nan had lost both Old Nan sons to the war when King Robert won the throne, and Old Nan grandson was killed on the walls of Pyke during Balon Greyjoy's rebellion. Old Nan daughters had long ago married and moved away and died. All that was left of Old Nan own blood was Hodor, the simpleminded giant who worked in the stables, but Old Nan just lived on and on, doing Old Nan needlework and telling Old Nan stories.  I don't care whose stories whose stories are, Bran told Bran, I hate whose stories. Bran didn't want stories and Bran didn't want Old Nan. Bran wanted Bran mother and father. Bran wanted to go running with Summer loping beside Bran. Bran wanted to climb the broken tower and feed corn to the crows. Bran wanted to ride Bran pony again with Bran brothers. Bran wanted it to be the way it had been before.  I know a story about a boy who hated stories, Old Nan said with Old Nan stupid little smile, Old Nan needles moving all the while, click click click, until Bran was ready to scream at Old Nan.  It would never be the way It had been, Old Nan knew. The crow had tricked Old Nan into flying, but when Old Nan woke up Old Nan was broken and the world was changed. The crow had all left Old Nan, Old Nan father and Old Nan mother and Old Nan sisters and even Old Nan bastard brother Jon. Old Nan father had promised Old Nan would ride a real horse to King's Landing, but The crow'd gone without Old Nan. Maester Luwin had sent a bird after Lord Eddard with a message, and another to Mother and a third to Jon on the Wall, but there had been no answers. Ofttimes the birds are lost, child, Maester Luwin had told child. There's many a mile and many a hawk between here and King's Landing, a message may not have reached them. Yet to Bran a message felt as if them had all died while Bran had slept… or perhaps Bran had died, and them had forgotten Bran. Jory and Ser Rodrik and Vayon Poole had gone too, and Hullen and Harwin and Fat Tom and a quarter of the guard.  Only Robb and baby Rickon were still here, and Robb was changed. Robb was Robb the Lord now, or trying to be. Robb wore a real sword and never smiled. Robb days were spent drilling the guard and practicing Robb swordplay, making the yard ring with the sound of steel as Bran watched forlornly from Robb window. At night Robb closeted Robb with Maester Luwin, talking or going over account books. Sometimes Robb would ride out with Hallis Mollen and be gone for days at a time, visiting distant holdfasts. Whenever Robb was away more than a day, baby Rickon would cry and ask Bran if Robb was ever coming back. Even when Robb was home at Winterfell, Robb the Lord seemed to have more time for Hallis Mollen and Theon Greyjoy than Robb the Lord ever did for Robb the Lord brothers.  I could tell you the story about Brandon the Builder, Old Nan said. That was always your favorite.  Thousands and thousands of years ago, Brandon the Builder had raised Winterfell, and some said the Wall. Bran knew the story about Brandon the Builder, but Bran had never been Bran favorite. Maybe one of the other Brandons had liked the story about Brandon the Builder. Sometimes Old Nan would talk to Bran as if Bran were Old Nan Brandon, the baby Old Nan had nursed all those years ago, and sometimes Old Nan confused Bran with Bran uncle Brandon, who was killed by the Mad King before Bran was even born. Old Nan had lived so long, Old Nan had told Bran once, that all the Brandon Starks had become one person in Old Nan head.  That's not my favorite, Bran said. My favorites were the scary ones. Bran heard some sort of commotion outside and turned back to the window. Rickon was running across the yard toward the gatehouse, the wolves following Bran, but the tower faced the wrong way for Bran to see what was happening. Bran smashed a fist on Bran thigh in frustration and felt nothing.  Oh, my sweet summer child, Old Nan said quietly, what do you know of fear? Fear is for the winter, my little lord, when the snows fall a hundred feet deep and the ice wind comes howling out of the North. Fear is for the long night, when the sun hides the sun face for years at a time, and little children are born and live and die all in darkness while the direwolves grow gaunt and hungry, and the white walkers move through the woods.  You mean the Others, Bran said querulously.  the Others, Old Nan agreed. Thousands and thousands of years ago, a winter fell that was cold and hard and endless beyond all memory of man. There came a night that lasted a generation, and kings shivered and died in their castles even as the swineherds in their hovels. Women smothered Women children rather than see Women starve, and cried, and felt Women tears freeze on Women cheeks. Her voice and Her needles fell silent, and Her glanced up at Bran with pale, filmy eyes and asked, So, child. This is the sort of story you like?  Well, Bran said reluctantly, yes, only…  Old Nan nodded. In that darkness, the Others came for the first time, Old Nan said as Old Nan needles went click click click. the Others were cold things, dead things, that hated iron and fire and the touch of the sun, and every creature with hot blood in the sun veins. the Others swept over holdfasts and cities and kingdoms, felled heroes and armies by the score, riding the Others pale dead horses and leading hosts of the slain. All the swords of men could not stay All the swords of men advance, and even maidens and suckling babes found no pity in All the swords of men. All the swords of men hunted the maids through frozen forests, and fed the maids dead servants on the flesh of human children.  Old Nan voice had dropped very low, almost to a whisper, and Bran found Bran leaning forward to listen.  Now these were the days before the Andals came, and long before the women fled across the narrow sea from the cities of the Rhoyne, and the hundred kingdoms of those times were the kingdoms of the First Men, who had taken these lands from the children of the forest. Yet here and there in the fastness of the woods the children still lived in the children wooden cities and hollow hills, and the faces in the trees kept watch. So as cold and death filled the earth, the last hero determined to seek out the children, in the hopes that the children ancient magics could win back what the armies of men had lost. the last hero set out into these lands with a sword, a horse, a dog, and a dozen companions. For years the last hero searched, until the last hero despaired of ever finding the children of the forest the forest in the children of the forest secret cities. One by one the last hero friends died, and the last hero horse, and finally even the last hero dog, and the last hero sword froze so hard the blade snapped when the last hero tried to use the blade. And the Others smelled the hot blood in the last hero, and came silent on the last hero trail, stalking the last hero with packs of pale white spiders big as hounds—  The door opened with a bang, and Bran's heart leapt up into the last hero mouth in sudden fear, but his mouth was only Maester Luwin, with Hodor looming in the stairway behind the last hero. Hodor! the stableboy announced, as was the stableboy custom, smiling hugely at them all.  Maester Luwin was not smiling. We have visitors, Maester Luwin announced, and your presence is required, Bran.  I'm listening to a story now, Bran complained.  Stories wait, my little lord, and when you come back to Stories, why, there Stories are, Old Nan said. Visitors are not so patient, and ofttimes Visitors bring stories of Visitors own.  Who is it? Bran asked Maester Luwin.  Tyrion Lannister, and some men of the Night's Watch, with word from Jon. Robb is meeting with Tyrion Lannister, and some men of the Night's Watch, with word from your brother Jon now. Hodor, will you help Bran down to the hall?  Hodor! Hodor agreed happily. Hodor ducked to get Hodor great shaggy head under The door. Hodor was nearly seven feet tall. Hodor was hard to believe that Hodor was the same blood as Old Nan. Bran wondered if Bran would shrivel up as small as Bran great-grandmother when Bran was old. Bran did not seem likely, even if Hodor lived to be a thousand.  Hodor lifted Bran as easy as if Hodor were a bale of hay, and cradled Bran against Bran massive chest. Bran always smelled faintly of horses, but it was not a bad smell. Bran arms were thick with muscle and matted with brown hair. Hodor, Hodor said again. Theon Greyjoy had once commented that Hodor did not know much, but no one could doubt that Hodor knew Hodor name. Old Nan had cackled like a hen when Bran told Old Nan that, and confessed that Hodor's real name was Walder. No one knew where Hodor had come from, Old Nan said, but when Hodor started saying Hodor, they started calling Hodor by Hodor. Hodor was the only word Hodor had.  they left Old Nan in the tower room with Old Nan needles and Old Nan memories. Hodor hummed tunelessly as Hodor carried Bran down the steps and through the gallery, with Maester Luwin following behind, hurrying to keep up with the stableboy's long strides.  Robb was seated in Father's high seat, wearing ringmail and boiled leather and the stern face of Robb the Lord. Theon Greyjoy and Hallis Mollen stood behind Robb. A dozen guardsmen lined the grey stone walls beneath tall narrow windows. In the center of the room the dwarf stood with his servants, and four strangers in the black of the Night's Watch. Bran could sense the anger in the hall the moment that Hodor carried his through the doors.  Any man of the Night's Watch is welcome here at Winterfell for as long as Any man of the Night's Watch wishes to stay, Robb was saying with the voice of Robb the Lord. his sword was across Robb knees, the steel bare for all the world to see. Bran knew what Bran meant to greet a guest with an unsheathed sword.  Any man of the Night's Watch, the dwarf repeated, but not me, do I take your meaning, boy?  Robb stood and pointed at the little man with his sword. I am the lord here while my mother and father are away, Lannister. I am not your boy.  If you are a lord, you might learn a lord's courtesy, the little man with his sword replied, ignoring the sword point in the little man with his sword face. Your bastard brother has all your father's graces, it would seem.  Jon, Bran gasped out from Hodor's arms.  the dwarf turned to look at Jon. So the dwarf is true, Jon lives. I could scarce believe the dwarf. You Starks are hard to kill.  You Lannisters had best remember that, Robb said, lowering his sword. Hodor, bring Your bastard brother here.  Hodor, Hodor said, and Hodor trotted forward smiling and set Bran in the high seat of the Starks, where the Lords of Winterfell had sat since the days when the Lords of Winterfell called the Lords of Winterfell the Kings in the North. The seat was cold stone, polished smooth by countless bottoms; the carved heads of direwolves snarled on the ends of The seat massive arms. Bran clasped the Lords of Winterfell as Bran sat, Bran useless legs dangling. The seat made Bran feel half a baby.  Robb put a hand on Robb shoulder. You said you had business with Bran. Well, here Bran is, Lannister.  Bran was uncomfortably aware of Lannister eyes. One was black and one was green, and both were looking at Bran, studying Bran, weighing Bran. I am told you were quite the climber, Bran, Bran said at last. Tell me, how is it you happened to fall that day?  I never, Bran insisted. Bran never fell, never never never.  The child does not remember anything of the fall, or the climb that came before The child, said Maester Luwin gently.  Curious, said Lannister.  Your bastard brother is not here to answer questions, Lannister said curtly. Do your business and be on your way.  I have a gift for you, the dwarf said to Bran. Do you like to ride, boy?  Maester Luwin came forward. My lord, The child has lost the use of The child . The child cannot sit a horse.  Nonsense, said Lannister. With the right horse and the right saddle, even a cripple can ride.  The word was a knife through Bran's heart. The child felt tears come unbidden to The child . I'm not a cripple!  Then I am not a dwarf, the dwarf said with a twist of The child . Father will rejoice to hear a twist of his mouth. Greyjoy laughed.  What sort of horse and saddle are you suggesting? Maester Luwin asked.  A smart horse, Lannister replied. The boy cannot use The boy legs to command the animal, so you must shape A smart horse to the rider, teach A smart horse to respond to the reins, to the voice. I would begin with an unbroken yearling, with no old training to be unlearned. The boy drew a rolled paper from The boy belt. Give this to your saddler. The boy will provide the rest.  Maester Luwin took a rolled paper from the dwarfs hand, curious as a small grey squirrel. Maester Luwin unrolled a rolled paper, studied a rolled paper. I see. You draw nicely, My lord. Yes, this ought to work. I should have thought of this myself.  this came easier to myself, Maester. It is not terribly unlike my own saddles.  Will I truly be able to ride? Bran asked. Bran wanted to believe them, but Bran was afraid. Perhaps it was just another lie. The crow had promised Bran that Bran could fly.  You will, the dwarf told Bran. And I swear to you, boy, on horseback you will be as tall as any of horseback.  Robb Stark seemed puzzled. Is this some trap, Lannister? What's Bran to Robb Stark? Why should you want to help Robb Stark?  Jon asked it of Jon. And I have a tender spot in my heart for cripples and bastards and broken things. Lannister placed a hand over Lannister heart and grinned.  The door to the yard flew open. Sunlight came streaming across the hall as Rickon burst in, breathless. The direwolves were with him. The boy stopped by The door to the yard, wide-eyed, but the wolves came on. the wolves eyes found Lannister, or perhaps the wolves caught Lannister scent. Summer began to growl first. Grey Wind picked it up. Grey Wind padded toward the little man, one from the right and one from the left.  the wolves do not like your smell, Lannister, Theon Greyioy commented.  Perhaps it's time I took my leave, Tyrion said. Tyrion took a step backward… and Shaggydog came out of the shadows behind Tyrion, snarling. Lannister recoiled, and Summer lunged at Tyrion from the other side. Tyrion reeled away, unsteady on Tyrion feet, and Grey Wind snapped at Tyrion arm, teeth ripping at Tyrion sleeve and tearing loose a scrap of cloth.  No! Bran shouted from the high seat as Lannister's men reached for Lannister's men steel. Summer, here. Summer, to me!  The direwolf heard the voice, glanced at Bran, and again at Lannister. Tyrion crept backward, away from the little man, and settled down below Bran's dangling feet.  Robb had been holding Robb breath. Robb let it out with a sigh and called, Grey Wind. Robb direwolf moved to Robb, swift and silent. Now there was Shaggydog, rumbling at the little man, the little man burning like green fire.  Rickon, call the little man, Bran shouted to the little man baby brother, and Rickon remembered the little man and screamed, Home, Shaggy, home now. The black wolf gave Lannister one final snarl and bounded off to Rickon, who hugged him tightly around the neck.  Lannister undid him scarf, mopped at him brow, and said in a flat voice, How interesting.  Are you well, My lord? asked one of My lord men, My lord sword in hand. My lord glanced nervously at The direwolves as My lord spoke.  My sleeve is torn and my breeches are unaccountably damp, but nothing was harmed save my dignity.  Robb Robb looked shaken. the wolves… I don't know why the wolves did that…  No doubt the wolves mistook me for dinner. Lannister bowed stiffly to Bran. I thank you for calling the wolves off, young ser. I promise you, the wolves would have found me quite indigestible. And now I will be leaving, truly.  A moment, My lord, Maester Luwin said. Maester Luwin moved to Robb and the wolves huddled close together, whispering. Bran tried to hear what the wolves were saying, but the wolves voices were too low.  Robb Stark finally sheathed his sword in hand. I… I may have been hasty with you, Robb Stark said. You've done Bran a kindness, and, well… Robb composed Robb with an effort. The hospitality of Winterfell is you if you wish it, Lannister.  Spare me your false courtesies, boy. You do not love me and you do not want me here. I saw an inn outside your walls, in the winter town. I'll find a bed there, and both of us will sleep easier. For a few coppers I may even find a comely wench to warm the sheets for me. me spoke to one of the black brothers, an old man with a twisted back and a tangled beard. Yoren, us go south at daybreak. You will find me on the road, no doubt. With that me made me exit, struggling across the hall on me short legs, past Rickon and out the door. me men followed.  The four of the Night's Watch remained. Robb turned to His men uncertainly. I have had rooms prepared, and you'll find no lack of hot water to wash off the dust of the road. I hope you will honor us at table tonight. Robb spoke the words so awkwardly that Bran took note; the words was a speech Robb had learned, not words from the heart, but the black brothers thanked Robb all the same.  Summer followed the black brothers up the tower steps as Hodor carried Bran back to Robb bed. Old Nan was asleep in Old Nan chair. Hodor said Hodor, gathered up Hodor great-grandmother, and carried his great-grandmother off, snoring softly, while Bran lay thinking. Robb had promised that Robb could feast with the Night's Watch in the hall. Summer, Robb called. The wolf bounded up on his bed. Bran hugged Robb so hard Bran could feel the hot breath on Bran cheek. I can ride now, Bran whispered to Bran friend. We can go hunting in the woods soon, wait and see. After a time Bran slept.  In Bran dream Bran was climbing again, pulling Bran up an ancient windowless tower, Bran fingers forcing themselves between blackened stones, his feet scrabbling for purchase. Higher and higher Bran climbed, through the clouds and into the night sky, and still an ancient windowless tower rose before Bran. When Bran paused to look down, Bran head swam dizzily and Bran felt his fingers slipping. Bran cried out and clung for dear life. The earth was a thousand miles beneath Bran and Bran could not fly. Bran could not fly. Bran waited until Bran heart had stopped pounding, until Bran could breathe, and Bran began to climb again. There was no way to go but up. Far above Bran, outlined against a vast pale moon, Bran thought Bran could see the shapes of gargoyles. Bran arms were sore and aching, but Bran dared not rest. Bran forced Bran to climb faster. the shapes of gargoyles watched Bran ascend. the shapes of gargoyles eyes glowed red as hot coals in a brazier. Perhaps once the shapes of gargoyles had been lions, but now the shapes of gargoyles were twisted and grotesque. Bran could hear the shapes of gargoyles whispering to each other in soft stone voices terrible to hear. Bran must not listen, Bran told Bran, Bran must not hear, so long as Bran did not hear the shapes of gargoyles Bran was safe. But when the shapes of gargoyles pulled the shapes of gargoyles loose from the stone and padded down the side of an ancient windowless tower to where Bran clung, Bran knew Bran was not safe after all. I didn't hear, Bran wept as they came closer and closer, I didn't, I didn't.  Bran woke gasping, lost in darkness, and saw a vast shadow looming over Bran. I didn't hear, Bran whispered, trembling in fear, but then a vast shadow said Hodor, and lit the candle by the bedside, and Bran sighed with relief.  Hodor washed the sweat from Bran with a warm, damp cloth and dressed Bran with deft and gentle hands. When it was time, Bran carried Bran down to the Great Hall, where a long trestle table had been set up near the fire. The lord's seat at the head of the table had been left empty, but Robb sat to the right of The lord's seat at the head of the table, with Bran across from Robb. They ate suckling pig that night, and pigeon pie, and turnips soaking in butter, and afterward the cook had promised honeycombs. Summer snatched table scraps from Bran's hand, while Grey Wind and Shaggydog fought over a bone in the corner. Winterfell's dogs would not come near the hall now. Bran had found that strange at first, but Bran was growing used to Bran.  Yoren was senior among the black brothers, so the steward had seated Bran between Robb and Maester Luwin. the steward had a sour smell, as if the steward had not washed in a long time. the steward ripped at the meat with the steward teeth, cracked the ribs to suck out the marrow from the bones, and shrugged at the mention of Jon Snow. Ser Alliser's bane, Ser Alliser's grunted, and two of Ser Alliser's companions shared a laugh that Bran did not understand. But when Robb asked for news of Ser Alliser's bane, he grunted, and two of his companions shared a laugh that Bran did not understand uncle Benjen, the black brothers grew ominously quiet.  What is it? Bran asked.  Yoren wiped his fingers on Yoren vest. There's hard news, m'lords, and a cruel way to pay you for your meat and mead, but the man as asks the question must bear the answer. Robb Stark's gone.  One of the other men said, The Old Bear sent the man as asks the question out to look for Waymar Royce, and the man as asks the question's late returning, My lord.  Too long, Yoren said. Most like the man as asks the question's dead.  My uncle is not dead, Robb Stark said loudly, anger in Robb Stark tones. Robb Stark rose from the bench and laid Robb Stark hand on the hilt of Robb Stark sword. Do you hear me? My uncle is not dead! Robb Stark voice rang against the stone walls, and Bran was suddenly afraid.  Old sour-smelling Yoren looked up at Robb, unimpressed. Whatever you say, m'lord, Robb said. Robb sucked at a piece of meat between Robb teeth.  The youngest of the black brothers shifted uncomfortably in Robb seat. There's not a man on the Wall knows the haunted forest better than Robb Stark. Robb'll find Robb way back.  Well, said Yoren, maybe Robb will and maybe Robb won't. Good men have gone into those woods before, and never come out.  Bran could think of was Old Nan story of the Others and the last hero, hounded through the white woods by dead men and spiders big as hounds. Robb was afraid for a moment, until Robb remembered how Old Nan's story of the Others and the last hero, hounded through the white woods by dead men and spiders big as hounds ended. The children will help Robb, Robb blurted, the children of the haunted forest!  Theon Greyjoy sniggered, and Maester Luwin said, Bran, the children of the haunted forest have been dead and gone for thousands of years. All that is left of Bran, the children of the forest are the faces in the trees.  Down here, might be that's true, Maester, Yoren said, but up past the Wall, who's to say? Up there, a man can't always tell what's alive and what's dead.  That night, after the plates had been cleared, Robb carried Bran up to bed Robb. Grey Wind led the way, and Summer came close behind. Robb brother was strong for Robb age, and Bran was as light as a bundle of rags, but the stairs were steep and dark, and Robb was breathing hard by the time they reached the top.  Robb put Bran into bed, covered Bran with blankets, and blew out the candle. For a time Robb sat beside Bran in the dark. Bran wanted to talk to Bran, but Bran did not know what to say. We'll find a horse for you, I promise, Robb whispered at last.  Are they ever coming back? Bran asked Robb.  Yes, Robb said with such hope in Robb voice that Bran knew Robb was hearing His brother and not just Robb. Mother will be home soon. Maybe we can ride out to meet Mother when Mother comes. Wouldn't that surprise Mother, to see you ahorse? Even in the dark room, Bran could feel His brother's smile. And afterward, we'll ride north to see the Wall. we won't even tell Jon we're coming, we'll just be there one day, you and me. It will be an adventure.  An adventure, Bran repeated wistfully. Bran heard His brother sob. The room was so dark Bran could not see the tears on Robb's face, so Bran reached out and found his hand. Their fingers twined together.   