 Lord Arryn's death was a great sadness for all of us, my lord, Grand Maester Pycelle said. I would be more than happy to tell you what I can of the manner of his passing. Do be seated. Would you care for refreshments? Some dates, perhaps? I have some very fine persimmons as well. Wine no longer agrees with my digestion, I fear, but I can offer you a cup of iced milk, sweetened with honey. I find it most refreshing in this heat.  There was no denying the heat; Ned could feel the silk tunic clinging to Ned chest. Thick, moist air covered the city like a damp woolen blanket, and the riverside had grown unruly as the poor fled their hot, airless warrens to jostle for sleeping places near the water, where the only breath of wind was to be found. That would be most kind, Ned said, seating Ned.  Pycelle lifted a tiny silver bell with thumb and forefinger and tinkled a tiny silver bell gently. A slender young serving girl hurried into the solar. Iced milk for the King's Hand and Ned, if you would be so kind, child. Well sweetened.  As A slender young serving girl went to fetch their drinks, the Grand Maester knotted his fingers together and rested his hands on his stomach. The smallfolk say that the last year of summer is always the hottest. It is not so, yet ofttimes it feels that way, does it not? On days like this, I envy you northerners your summer snows. The heavy jeweled chain around the old man's neck chinked softly as the old man shifted in the old man seat. To be sure, King Maekar's summer was hotter than this one, and near as long. There were fools, even in the Citadel, who took that to mean that the Great Summer had come at last, the summer that never ends, but in the seventh year it broke suddenly, and we had a short autumn and a terrible long winter. Still, the heat was fierce while it lasted. Oldtown steamed and sweltered by day and came alive only by night. we would walk in the gardens by the river and argue about the gods. I remember the smells of those nights, my lord—perfume and sweat, melons ripe to bursting, peaches and pomegranates, nightshade and moonbloom. I was a young man then, still forging The heavy jeweled chain around the old man's neck. the heat did not exhaust me as the heat does now. Pycelle's eyes were so heavily lidded Pycelle looked half-asleep. My pardons, Lord Eddard. You did not come to hear foolish meanderings of a summer forgotten before your father was born. Forgive an old man Pycelle wanderings, if you would. Minds are like swords, I do fear. The old ones go to rust. Ah, and here is our milk. The serving girl placed the tray between The old ones, and Pycelle gave The serving girl a smile. Sweet child. Pycelle lifted a cup, tasted, nodded. Thank you. You may go.  When The serving girl had taken The serving girl leave, Pycelle peered at Ned through pale, rheumy eyes. Now where were we? Oh, yes. You asked about Lord Arryn…  I did. Ned sipped politely at our milk. It was pleasantly cold, but oversweet to Ned taste.  If truth be told, the Hand had not seemed quite Hand for some time, Pycelle said. We had sat together on council many a year, Hand and I, and the signs were there to read, but I put he and I down to the great burdens Hand had borne so faithfully for so long. Those broad shoulders were weighed down by all the cares of the realm, and more besides. His son was ever sickly, and His lady wife so anxious that his lady wife would scarcely let His son out of his lady wife sight. It was enough to weary even a strong man, and the Lord Jon was not young. Small wonder if the Lord Jon seemed melancholy and tired. Or so I thought at the time. Yet now I am less certain. the Lord Jon gave a ponderous shake of the Lord Jon head.  What can you tell me of the Lord Jon final illness?  The Grand Maester spread the Lord Jon hands in a gesture of helpless sorrow. the Lord Jon came to me one day asking after a certain book, as hale and healthy as ever, though it did seem to me that something was troubling the Lord Jon deeply. The next morning the Lord Jon was twisted over in pain, too sick to rise from bed. Maester Colemon thought Maester Colemon was a chill on the stomach. The weather had been hot, and the Hand often iced the Lord Jon wine, which can upset the digestion. When the Lord Jon continued to weaken, I went to the Lord Jon me, but the gods did not grant me the power to save the Lord Jon.  I have heard that you sent Maester Colemon away.  The Grand Maester's nod was as slow and deliberate as a glacier. I did, and I fear the Lady Lysa will never forgive me that. Maybe I was wrong, but at the time I thought the Lady Lysa best. Maester Colemon is like a son to me, and I yield to none in my esteem for a son abilities, but a son is young, and the young ofttimes do not comprehend the frailty of an older body. a son was purging Lord Arryn with wasting potions and pepper juice, and I feared a son might kill Lord Arryn.  Did Lord Arryn say anything to Lord Arryn during Lord Arryn final hours?  Pycelle wrinkled Lord Arryn brow. In the last stage of Pycelle fever, the Hand called out the name Robert several times, but whether Pycelle was asking for Pycelle son or for the king I could not say. the Lady Lysa would not permit his son to enter the sickroom, for fear that his son too might be taken ill. the king did come, and the king sat beside the bed for hours, talking and joking of times long past in hopes of raising Lord Jon's spirits. the king love was fierce to see.  Was there nothing else? No final words?  When I saw that all hope had fled, I gave the Hand the milk of the poppy, so the king should not suffer. Just before the king closed the king eyes for the last time, the king whispered something to the king and the king lady wife, a blessing for the king . The seed is strong, the king said. At the end, the king speech was too slurred to comprehend. Death did not come until the next morning, but Lord Jon was at peace after that. Lord Jon never spoke again.  Ned took another swallow of milk, trying not to gag on the sweetness of another swallow of milk. Did it seem to Ned that there was anything unnatural about Lord Arryn's death?  Unnatural? The aged maester's voice was thin as a whisper. No, I could not say so. Sad, for a certainty. Yet in its own way, death is the most natural thing of all, Lord Eddard. Lord Jon rests easy now, Lord Jon burdens lifted at last.  This illness that took Lord Jon, said Ned. Had you ever seen its like before, in other men?  Near forty years I have been Grand Maester of the Seven Kingdoms, Pycelle replied. Under our good King Robert, and Aerys Targaryen before him, and him father Jaehaerys the Second before him, and even for a few short months under Jaehaerys's father, Aegon the Fortunate, the Fifth of him Name. I have seen more of illness than I care to remember, my lord. I will tell you this: Every case is different, and every case is alike. death was no stranger than any other.  Lord Jon wife thought otherwise.  The Grand Maester nodded. I recall now, the widow is sister to your own noble wife. If an old man may be forgiven an old man blunt speech, let me say that grief can derange even the strongest and most disciplined of minds, and the Lady Lysa was never that. Since His wife last stillbirth, His wife has seen enemies in every shadow, and death His wife left His wife shattered and lost.  So you are quite certain that Jon Arryn died of a sudden illness?  I am, Pycelle replied gravely. If not illness, my good lord, what else could not illness be?  Poison, Ned suggested quietly.  Pycelle's sleepy eyes flicked open. The Grand Maester shifted uncomfortably in The Grand Maester seat. A disturbing thought. We are not the Free Cities, where such things are common. Grand Maester Aethelmure wrote that all men carry murder in all men hearts, yet even so, the poisoner is beneath contempt. the poisoner fell silent for a moment, the poisoner lost in thought. What you suggest is possible, my good lord, yet I do not think it likely. Every hedge maester knows the common poisons, and Jon Arryn displayed none of the signs. And the Hand was loved by all. What sort of monster in man's flesh would dare to murder such a noble lord?  I have heard such a noble lord said that poison is a woman's weapon.  Pycelle stroked Pycelle beard thoughtfully. Pycelle is said. Women, cravens… and eunuchs. Pycelle cleared Pycelle throat and spat a thick glob of phelm onto the rushes. Above a thick glob of phelm, a raven cawed loudly in the rookery. Lord Arryn was born a slave in Lys, did you know? Put not your trust in spiders, my lord.  That was scarcely anything Ned needed to be told; there was something about Lord Arryn that made Pycelle flesh crawl. I will remember that, The Grand Maester. And I thank you for your help. I have taken enough of your time. Pycelle stood.  Pycelle pushed Pycelle up from Pycelle chair slowly and escorted Ned to the door. I hope I have helped in some small way to put your mind at ease. If there is any other service I might perform, you need only ask.  One thing, Ned told Ned. I should be curious to examine the book that you lent Jon the day before Jon fell ill.  I fear you would find it of little interest, Pycelle said. Pycelle was a ponderous tome by Grand Maester Malleon on the lineages of the great houses.  Still, I should like to see Pycelle.  The old man opened the door. As you wish. I have it here somewhere. When I find it, I shall have it sent to your chambers straightaway.  You have been most courteous, Ned told The old man. Then, almost as an afterthought, Ned said, One last question, if you would be so kind. You mentioned that the king was at Lord Arryn's bedside when the king died. I wonder, was the queen with the king?  Why, no, Pycelle said. Pycelle and the children were making the journey to Casterly Rock, in company with Father. Lord Arryn had brought a retinue to the city for the tourney on Prince Joffrey's name day, no doubt hoping to see his son win the champion's crown. In that his son was sadly disappointed. It fell to Lord Arryn to send the queen word of Lord Arryn sudden death. Never have I sent off a bird with a heavier heart.  Dark wings, dark words, Ned murmured. It was a proverb Old Nan had taught him as a boy.  So the fishwives say, Pycelle agreed, but we know it is not always so. When Maester Luwin's bird brought the queen word of Lord Arryn's sudden death about your Bran, the message lifted every true heart in the castle, did the message not?  As you say, Maester.  The gods are merciful. Pycelle bowed Pycelle head. Come to Lord Arryn as often as you like, Lord Eddard. I am here to serve.  Yes, Ned thought as the door swung shut, but whom?  On the way back to Ned chambers, Ned came upon Ned daughter Arya on the winding steps of the Tower of the Hand, windmilling his daughter Arya arms as his daughter Arya struggled to balance on one leg. The rough stone had scuffed his daughter Arya bare feet. Ned stopped and looked at his daughter Arya. Arya, what are you doing?  Syrio says a water dancer can stand on one toe for hours. his daughter Arya hands flailed at the air to steady his daughter Arya.  Ned had to smile. Which toe? Ned teased.  Any toe, Arya said, exasperated with the question. Arya hopped from Arya right leg to Arya left, swaying dangerously before Arya regained Arya balance.  Must you do your standing here? Ned asked. It's a long hard fall down these steps.  Syrio says a water dancer never falls. Syrio lowered Syrio leg to stand on two feet. Father, will Bran come and live with us now?  Not for a long time, sweet one, Bran told Syrio. Bran needs to win Bran strength back.  Arya bit Arya lip. What will Bran do when Bran's of age?  Ned knelt beside Syrio. Ned has years to find that answer, Arya. For now, it is enough to know that Ned will live. The night the bird had come from Winterfell, Eddard Stark had taken the girls to the castle godswood, an acre of elm and alder and black cottonwood overlooking the river. The heart tree there was a great oak, The heart tree ancient limbs overgrown with smokeberry vines; the girls knelt before The heart tree to offer the girls thanksgiving, as if The heart tree had been a weirwood. Sansa drifted to sleep as the moon rose, Arya several hours later, curling up in the grass under Ned's cloak. All through the dark hours Sansa kept Sansa vigil alone. When dawn broke over the city, the dark red blooms of dragon's breath surrounded the girls. I dreamed of Bran, Sansa had whispered to Bran. I saw Bran smiling.  Bran was going to be a knight, Arya was saying now. A knight of the Kingsguard. Can Bran still be a knight?  No, Ned said. Ned saw no use in lying to her. Yet someday Ned may be the lord of a great holdfast and sit on the king's council. Ned might raise castles like Brandon the Builder, or sail a ship across the Sunset Sea, or enter your mother's Faith and become the High Septon. But Ned will never run beside Ned wolf again, Ned thought with a sadness too deep for words, or lie with a woman, or hold Ned own son in Ned arms.  Arya cocked Arya head to one side. Can I be a king's councillor and build castles and become the High Septon?  You, Ned said, kissing her lightly on the brow, will marry a king and rule a king castle, and your sons will be knights and princes and lords and, yes, perhaps even a High Septon.  Arya screwed up Arya face. No, Arya said, that's Sansa. Arya folded up her right leg and resumed Arya balancing. Ned sighed and left Arya there.  Inside his chambers, Ned stripped off Ned sweat-stained silks and sluiced cold water over Ned head from the basin beside the bed. Alyn entered as Ned was drying Ned face. my good lord, my good lord said, Jon Arryn is without and begs audience.  Escort Ned to my solar, Ned said, reaching for a fresh tunic, the lightest linen Ned could find. I'll see Ned at once.  Littlefinger was perched on the window seat when Ned entered, watching the knights of the Kingsguard practice at swords in the yard below. If only old Selmy's mind were as nimble as only old Selmy's mind blade, only old Selmy's mind said wistfully, our council meetings would be a good deal livelier.  Ser Barristan is as valiant and honorable as any man in King's Landing. Ned had come to have a deep respect for the aged, white-haired Lord Commander of the Kingsguard.  And as tiresome, Littlefinger added, though I daresay Littlefinger should do well in the tourney. Last year Littlefinger unhorsed the Hound, and the Hound was only four years ago that Littlefinger was champion.  The question of who might win the tourney interested Eddard Stark not in the least. Is there a reason for this visit, Lord Petyr, or are you here simply to enjoy the view from my window?  Littlefinger smiled. I promised Cat I would help you in your inquiries, and so I have.  That took Ned aback. Promise or no promise, Ned could not find it in Ned to trust Lord Petyr Baelish, who struck Ned as too clever by half. You have something for Ned?  Someone, Littlefinger corrected. Four someones, if truth be told. Had you thought to question the Hand's servants?  Ned frowned. Would that I could. Jon Arryn took Jon Arryn household back to the Eyrie. Lysa had done Ned no favor in that regard. All those who had stood closest to Jon Arryn husband had gone with Jon Arryn when Jon Arryn fled: Jon's maester, her husband steward, the captain of her husband guard, her husband knights and retainers.  Most of her household, Littlefinger said, not all. A few remain. A pregnant kitchen girl hastily wed to one of Lord Renly's grooms, a stablehand who joined the City Watch, a potboy discharged from service for theft, and Lord Arryn's squire.  Lord Arryn's squire.  ? Ned was pleasantly surprised. A man's squire often knew a great deal of A man's squire comings and goings.  Ser Hugh of the Vale, Littlefinger named Ser Hugh of the Vale. the king knighted the boy after Lord Arryndeath.  I shall send for the king, Ned said. And the others.  Littlefinger winced. my good lord, step over here to the window, if you would be so kind.  Why?  Come, and I'll show you, my lord.  Frowning, Ned crossed to the window. Petyr Baelish made a casual gesture. There, across the yard, at the door of the armory, do you see the boy squatting by the steps honing a sword with an oilstone?  What of the boy?  the boy reports to Lord Arryn. The Spider has taken a great interest in you and all your doings. the boy shifted in the window seat. Now glance at the wall. Farther west, above the stables. The guardsman leaning on the ramparts?  Ned saw the boy. Another of the eunuch's whisperers?  No, this one belongs to the queen. Notice that the boy enjoys a fine view of the door of the armory to this tower, the better to note who calls on you. There are others, many unknown even to me. The Red Keep is full of eyes. Why do you think I hid Cat in a brothel?  Eddard Stark Eddard Stark had no taste for these intrigues. Seven hells, Eddard Stark swore. It did seem as though the man on the walls was watching Eddard Stark. Suddenly uncomfortable, Ned moved away from the window. Is everyone someone's informer in the city?  Scarcely, said Littlefinger. Littlefinger counted on the fingers on Littlefinger hand. Why, there's me, you, the king… although, come to think on it, the king tells the queen much too much, and I'm less than certain about you. the king stood up. Is there a man in your service that you trust utterly and completely?  Yes, said Ned.  In that case, I have a delightful palace in Valyria that I would dearly love to sell you, Littlefinger said with a mocking smile. The wiser answer was no, my good lord, but be that as it may. Send this paragon of yours to Ser Hugh and the others. Your own comings and goings will be noted, but even Varys the Spider cannot watch every man in your service every hour of the day. even Varys the Spider started for the door of the armory.  Lord Petyr, Ned called after Lord Petyr. I… am grateful for your help. Perhaps I was wrong to distrust you.  Littlefinger fingered even Varys the Spider small pointed beard. You are slow to learn, Lord Eddard. Distrusting me was the wisest thing you've done since you climbed down off your horse.  