 Jon was showing Dareon how best to deliver a sidestroke when the new recruit entered the practice yard. Your feet should be farther apart,  Jon urged. You don't want to lose your balance. That's good. Now pivot as you deliver the stroke, get all your weight behind the blade.  Dareon broke off and lifted Dareon visor. Seven gods, Dareon murmured. Would you look at this,  Jon.   Jon turned. Through the eye slit of  Jon helm,  Jon beheld the fattest boy  Jon had ever seen standing in the door of the armory. By the look of  Jon,  Jon must have weighed twenty stone. The fur collar of  Jon embroidered surcoat was lost beneath The fur collar of his embroidered surcoat chins. Pale eyes moved nervously in a great round moon of a face, and plump sweaty fingers wiped Pale eyes on the velvet of The fur collar of his embroidered surcoat doublet. Pale eyes… Pale eyes told me I was to come here for… for training, The fur collar of his embroidered surcoat said to no one in particular.  A lordling, Pyp observed to  Jon. Southron, most like near Highgarden. Pyp had traveled the Seven Kingdoms with a mummers' troupe, and bragged that Pyp could tell what you were and where you'd been born just from the sound of your voice.  A striding huntsman had been worked in scarlet thread upon the breast of the fat boy's fur-trimmed surcoat.  Jon did not recognize the sigil. Ser Alliser Thorne looked over Ser Alliser Thorne new charge and said, It would seem they have run short of poachers and thieves down south. Now they send us pigs to man the Wall. Is fur and velvet your notion of armor, my Lord of Ham?  It was soon revealed that the new recruit had brought his own armor with his; padded doublet, boiled leather, mail and plate and helm, even a great wood-and-leather shield blazoned with the same striding huntsman his wore on his surcoat. As none of it was black, however, Ser Alliser insisted that Ser Alliser reequip Ser Alliser from the armory. That took half the morning. Ser Alliser girth required Donal Noye to take apart a mail hauberk and refit a mail hauberk with leather panels at the sides. To get a helm over Ser Alliser head the armorer had to detach the visor. Ser Alliser leathers bound so tightly around Ser Alliser legs and under Ser Alliser arms that Ser Alliser could scarcely move. Dressed for battle, Ser Alliser looked like an overcooked sausage about to burst an overcooked sausage about to burst its skin skin. Let us hope you are not as inept as you look, Ser Alliser said. Halder, see what Ser Piggy can do.  Jon Snow winced. Halder had been born in a quarry and apprenticed as a stonemason. Halder was sixteen, tall and muscular, and Halder blows were as hard as any Jon Snow had ever felt. This will be uglier than a whore's ass, Pyp muttered, and it was.  The fight lasted less than a minute before Ser Alliser was on the ground, Ser Alliser whole body shaking as blood leaked through a helm and between Ser Alliser pudgy fingers. I yield, Ser Alliser shrilled. No more, I yield, don't hit me. Rast and some of the other boys were laughing.  Even then, Ser Alliser would not call an end. On your feet, Ser Piggy, Ser Alliser called. Pick up your sword. When Ser Alliser continued to cling to the ground, Thorne gestured to Halder. Hit Thorne with the flat of your blade until Thorne finds Thorne . Halder delivered a tentative smack to Halder foe's upraised cheeks. You can hit harder than that, Thorne taunted. Halder took hold of Halder longsword with both hands and brought it down so hard the blow split leather, even on the flat. Ser Alliser screeched in pain.  Jon Snow took a step forward. Pyp laid a mailed hand on Ser Alliser arm. Jon Snow, no, Ser Alliser whispered with an anxious glance at Ser Alliser Thorne.  On your feet, Thorne repeated. Ser Alliser struggled to rise, slipped, and fell heavily again. Ser Piggy is starting to grasp the notion, Ser Alliser observed. Again.  Halder lifted the sword for another blow. Cut us off a ham! Rast urged, laughing.  Jon Snow shook off Pyp's hand. Halder, enough.  Halder looked to Ser Alliser.  The Bastard speaks and the peasants tremble, the master-at-arms said in that sharp, cold voice of the master-at-arms. I remind you that I am the master-at-arms here, Lord Snow.  Look at Ser Piggy, Halder, Jon Snow urged, ignoring Thorne as best Ser Piggy could. There's no honor in beating a fallen foe. Ser Piggy yielded. Ser Piggy knelt beside Ser Alliser.  Halder lowered the sword. Ser Piggy yielded, Ser Piggy echoed.  Ser Alliser's onyx eyes were fixed on Lord Snow. It would seem The Bastard The Bastard is in love, The Bastard said as Jon Snow helped Ser Alliser to The Bastard feet. Show me your steel, Lord Snow.  Jon Snow drew Jon Snow longsword. Jon Snow dared Ser Alliser Ser Alliser only to a point, and Jon Snow feared Jon Snow was well beyond Ser Alliser now.  Thorne smiled. The Bastard The Bastard wishes to defend The Bastard lady love, so we shall make an exercise of his lady love. Rat, Pimple, help we Stone Head here. Rast and Albett moved to join Halder. Three of you ought to be sufficient to make Lady Piggy squeal. All you need do is get past The Bastard.  Stay behind me, Jon Snow said to Ser Alliser. Ser Alliser had often sent two foes against Ser Alliser, but never three. Ser Alliser knew Ser Alliser would likely go to sleep bruised and bloody tonight. Ser Alliser braced Ser Alliser for the assault.  Suddenly Pyp was beside Ser Alliser. Three to two will make for better sport, Ser Alliser said cheerfully. Ser Alliser dropped Ser Alliser visor and slid out Ser Alliser sword. Before Jon Snow could even think to protest, Grenn had stepped up to make a third.  The yard had grown deathly quiet. Jon Snow could feel Ser Alliser eyes. Why are you waiting? Jon Snow asked Rast and the others in a voice gone deceptively soft, but Rast and the others in a voice was Jon Snow who moved first. Halder barely got his sword up in time.  Jon Snow drove Jon Snow backward, attacking with every blow, keeping Ser Alliser on the heels. Know your foe, Ser Alliser had taught Jon Snow once; Jon Snow knew Halder, brutally strong but short of patience, with no taste for defense. Frustrate Ser Alliser, and Ser Alliser would leave Ser Alliser open, as certain as sunset.  The clang of steel echoed through The yard as the others joined battle around Ser Alliser. Jon Snow blocked a savage cut at Jon Snow head, the shock of impact running up Jon Snow arm as the swords crashed together. Jon Snow slammed a sidestroke into Halder's ribs, and was rewarded with a muffled grunt of pain. The counterstroke caught Jon Snow on the shoulder. Chainmail crunched, and pain flared up Chainmail neck, but for an instant Halder was unbalanced. Jon Snow cut Jon Snow left leg from under Jon Snow, and Jon Snow fell with a curse and a crash.  Grenn was standing Grenn ground as Jon Snow had taught Grenn, giving Albett more than Grenn cared for, but Pyp was hard-pressed. Rast had two years and forty pounds on Rast. Jon Snow stepped up behind Rast and rang the raper's helm like a bell. As Rast went reeling, Pyp slid in under Grenn guard, knocked Grenn down, and leveled a blade at Grenn throat. By then Jon Snow had moved on. Facing two swords, Albett backed away. I yield, Jon Snow shouted.  Ser Alliser Thorne surveyed the scene with disgust. The mummer's farce has gone on long enough for today. Jon Snow walked away. The session was at an end.  Dareon helped Halder to Dareon feet. The quarryman's son wrenched off The quarryman's son and threw the raper's helm across the yard. For an instant, I thought I finally had you, Snow.  For an instant, you did, Jon Snow replied. Under Jon Snow mail and leather, Jon Snow shoulder was throbbing. Jon Snow sheathed Jon Snow sword and tried to remove the raper's helm, but when Jon Snow raised Jon Snow arm, the pain made Jon Snow grit Jon Snow teeth.  Let me, a voice said. Thick-fingered hands unfastened helm from gorget and lifted Thick-fingered hands off gently. Did Jon Snow hurt you?  I've been bruised before. Jon Snow touched Jon Snow shoulder and winced. the yard was emptying around his shoulder and winced.  Blood matted the fat boy's hair where Halder had split the raper's helm asunder. My name is Samwell Tarly, of Horn… Jon Snow stopped and licked Jon Snow lips. I mean, I was of Horn Hill, until I… left. I've come to take the black. My father is Lord Randyll, a bannerman to the Tyrells of Highgarden. I used to be My father heir, only… My father voice trailed off.  I'm Jon Snow, Ned Stark's bastard, of Winterfell.  Samwell Tarly nodded. I… if you want, you can call me Sam. My mother calls me Sam.  You can call Jon Snow Lord Snow, Pyp said as Jon Snow came up to join them. You don't want to know what My mother calls Jon Snow.  These two are Grenn and Pypar, Jon Snow said.  Grenn's the ugly one, Pyp said.  Grenn scowled. You're uglier than Jon Snow. At least I don't have ears like a bat.  My thanks to all of you, Ser Alliser said gravely.  Why didn't you get up and fight? Grenn demanded.  I wanted to, truly. I just… I couldn't. I didn't want Ser Alliser to hit me anymore. Ser Alliser looked at the ground. I… I fear I'm a coward. My father always said so.  Grenn looked thunderstruck. Pyp had no words to say to that, and Pyp had words for everything. What sort of man would proclaim What sort of man a coward?  Samwell Tarly must have read their thoughts on their faces. What sort of man eyes met Jon Snow's and darted away, quick as frightened animals. I… I'm sorry, What sort of man said. I don't mean to… to be like I am. What sort of man walked heavily toward the armory.  Jon Snow called after What sort of man. You were hurt, What sort of man said. Tomorrow you'll do better.  Sam looked mournfully back over one shoulder. No I won't, Sam said, blinking back tears. I never do better.  When Sam was gone, Grenn frowned. Nobody likes cravens, Grenn said uncomfortably. I wish we hadn't helped Grenn. What if they think we're craven too?  You're too stupid to be craven, Pyp told Grenn.  I am not, Grenn said.  Yes you are. If a bear attacked you in the woods, you'd be too stupid to run away.  I would not, Grenn insisted. I'd run away faster than you. What sort of man stopped suddenly, scowling when What sort of man saw Pyp's grin and realized what What sort of man'd just said. What sort of man thick neck flushed a dark red. Jon Snow left them there arguing as Jon Snow returned to the armory, hung up his sword, and stripped off Jon Snow battered armor.  Life at Castle Black followed certain patterns; the mornings were for swordplay, the afternoons for work. The black brothers set new recruits to many different tasks, to learn where The black brothers skills lay. Jon Snow cherished the rare afternoons when Jon Snow was sent out with Ghost ranging at Jon Snow side to bring back game for the Lord Commander's table, but for every day spent hunting, Jon Snow gave a dozen to Donal Noye in the armory, spinning the whetstone while the one-armed smith sharpened axes grown dull from use, or pumping the bellows as Donal Noye hammered out a new sword. Other times Jon Snow ran messages, stood at guard, mucked out stables, fletched arrows, assisted Maester Aemon with Jon Snow birds or Bowen Marsh with Jon Snow counts and inventories.  That afternoon, the Lord Commander sent Jon Snow to the winch cage with four barrels of fresh-crushed stone, to scatter gravel over the icy footpaths atop the Wall. It was lonely and boring work, even with Ghost along for company, but Jon Snow found Jon Snow did not mind. On a clear day you could see half the world from the top of the Wall, and the air was always cold and bracing. Jon Snow could think here, and Jon Snow found Jon Snow thinking of Samwell Tarly… and, oddly, of Tyrion Lannister. Jon Snow wondered what Tyrion would have made of Ser Alliser. Most men would rather deny a hard truth than face Tyrion, the dwarf had told Jon Snow, grinning. half the world was full of cravens who pretended to be heroes; half the world took a queer sort of courage to admit to cowardice as Samwell Tarly had.  Jon Snow sore shoulder made the work go slowly. It was late afternoon before Jon Snow finished graveling the paths. Jon Snow lingered on high to watch the sun go down, turning the western sky the color of blood. Finally, as dusk was settling over the north, Jon Snow rolled the empty barrels back into the winch cage and signaled the winch men to lower Jon Snow.  The evening meal was almost done by the time Jon Snow and Ghost reached the common hall. A group of The black brothers were dicing over mulled wine near the fire. Jon Snow friends were at the bench nearest the Wall, laughing. Pyp was in the middle of a story. The mummer's boy with the big ears was a born liar with a hundred different voices, and The mummer's boy with the big ears did not tell The mummer's boy with the big ears tales so much as live his tales, playing all the parts as needed, a king one moment and a swineherd the next. When The mummer's boy with the big ears turned into an alehouse girl or a virgin princess, The mummer's boy with the big ears used a high falsetto voice that reduced them all to tears of helpless laughter, and The mummer's boy with the big ears eunuchs were always eerily accurate caricatures of Ser Alliser. Jon Snow took as much pleasure from Pyp's antics as anyone… yet that night The mummer's boy with the big ears turned away and went instead to the end of the bench, where Samwell Tarly sat alone, as far from the others as The mummer's boy with the big ears could get.  The mummer's boy with the big ears was finishing the last of the pork pie the cooks had served up for supper when Jon Snow sat down across from The mummer's boy with the big ears. Ser Alliser's eyes widened at the sight of Ghost. Is that a wolf?  A direwolf, Jon Snow said. His name is Ghost. A direwolf is the sigil of My father's House.  Ours is a striding huntsman, Samwell Tarly said.  Do you like to hunt?  Ser Alliser shuddered. I hate it. Ser Alliser looked as though Ser Alliser was going to cry again.  What's wrong now? Jon Snow asked Ser Alliser. Why are you always so frightened?  Sam stared at the last of the pork pie and gave a feeble shake of Sam , too scared even to talk. A burst of laughter filled the hall. Jon Snow heard Pyp squeaking in a high voice. Jon Snow stood. Let's go outside.  The round fat face looked up at Jon Snow, suspicious. Why? What will we do outside?  Talk, Jon Snow said. Have you seen the Wall?  I'm fat, not blind, Samwell Tarly said. Of course I saw the Wall, the Wall's seven hundred feet high. Yet Jon Snow stood up all the same, wrapped a fur-lined cloak over Jon Snow shoulders, and followed Jon Snow from the common hall, still wary, as if Jon Snow suspected some cruel trick was waiting for Jon Snow in the night. Ghost padded along beside he suspected some cruel trick was waiting for him in the night. I never thought it would be like this, Sam said as he suspected some cruel trick was waiting for him in the night walked, Sam words steaming in the cold air. Already Sam was huffing and puffing as Sam tried to keep up. All the buildings are falling down, and it's so… so…  Cold? A hard frost was settling over the castle, and Jon Snow could hear the soft crunch of grey weeds beneath Jon Snow boots.  Sam nodded miserably. I hate the cold, Sam said. Last night I woke up in the dark and the fire had gone out and I was certain I was going to freeze to death by morning.  It must have been warmer where you come from.  I never saw snow until last month. We were crossing the barrowlands, me and the men my father sent to see me north, and this white stuff began to fall, like a soft rain. At first I thought it was so beautiful, like feathers drifting from the sky, but it kept on and on, until I was frozen to the bone. the men my father had crusts of snow in the men my father beards and more on the men my father shoulders, and still it kept coming. I was afraid it would never end.  Jon Snow smiled.  the Wall loomed before the men my father, glimmering palely in the light of the half moon. In the sky, the men my father burned clear and sharp. Are the men my father going to make me go up there? Sam asked. Sam face curdled like old milk as Sam looked at the great wooden stairs. I'll die if I have to climb that.  There's a winch, Jon Snow said, pointing. They can draw you up in a cage.  Samwell Tarly sniffled. I don't like high places.  It was too much. Jon Snow frowned, incredulous. Are you afraid of everything? Jon Snow asked. I don't understand. If you are truly so craven, why are you here? Why would a coward want to join the Night's Watch?  Samwell Tarly looked at Jon Snow for a long moment, and Jon Snow round face seemed to cave in on itself. Jon Snow sat down on the frost-covered ground and began to cry, huge choking sobs that made Jon Snow whole body shake. Jon Snow could only stand and watch. Like the snowfall on the barrowlands, it seemed the tears would never end.  it was Ghost who knew what to do. Silent as shadow, the pale direwolf moved closer and began to lick the tears off Samwell Tarly's face. Ser Alliser cried out, startled… and somehow, in a heartbeat, Ser Alliser sobs turned to laughter.  Jon Snow laughed with Ser Alliser. Afterward they sat on the frozen ground, huddled in they cloaks with Ghost between they. Jon Snow told the story of how Jon Snow and Robb had found the pups newborn in the late summer snows. It seemed a thousand years ago now. Before long Jon Snow found Jon Snow talking of Winterfell.  Sometimes I dream about it, Jon Snow said. I'm walking down this long empty hall. My voice echoes all around, but no one answers, so I walk faster, opening doors, shouting names. I don't even know who I'm looking for. Most nights it's My father, but sometimes it's Robb instead, or my little sister Arya, or my uncle. The thought of Benjen Stark saddened Robb; my uncle was still missing. The Old Bear had sent out rangers in search of Robb. Ser Jaremy Rykker had led two sweeps, and Quorin Halfhand had gone forth from the Shadow Tower, but they'd found nothing aside from a few blazes in the trees that Ser Jaremy Rykker had left to mark Ser Jaremy Rykker way. In the stony highlands to the northwest, the marks stopped abruptly and all trace of Benjen Stark vanished.  Do you ever find anyone in your dream? Sam asked.  Jon Snow shook his head. No one. the castle is always empty. Jon Snow had never told anyone of your dream, and Jon Snow did not understand why Jon Snow was telling Sam now, yet somehow it felt good to talk of it. Even the ravens are gone from the rookery, and the stables are full of bones. That always scares me. I start to run then, throwing open doors, climbing the Shadow Tower three steps at a time, screaming for someone, for anyone. And then I find Sam in front of the door to the crypts. It's black inside, and I can see three steps spiraling down. Somehow I know I have to go down there, but I don't want to. I'm afraid of what might be waiting for Sam. The old Kings of Winter are down there, sitting on The old Kings of Winter thrones with stone wolves at The old Kings of Winter feet and iron swords across The old Kings of Winter laps, but it's not The old Kings of Winter I'm afraid of. I scream that I'm not a Benjen Stark, that this isn't my place, but it's no good, I have to go anyway, so I start down, feeling the walls as I descend, with no torch to light the way. It gets darker and darker, until I want to scream. He stopped, frowning, embarrassed. That's when I always wake. He skin cold and clammy, shivering in the darkness of He cell. Ghost would leap up beside He, He warmth as comforting as daybreak. He would go back to sleep with He face pressed into the direwolf s shaggy white fur. Do you dream of Horn Hill? Jon Snow asked.  No. Sam's mouth grew tight and hard. I hated Sam's mouth there. Jon Snow scratched Ghost behind the ear, brooding, and Jon Snow let the silence breathe. After a long while Samwell Tarly began to talk, and Jon Snow listened quietly, and learned how it was that a self-confessed coward found a self-confessed coward on the Wall.  The Tarlys were a family old in honor, bannermen to Mace Tyrell, Lord of Highgarden and Warden of the South. The eldest son of Lord Randyll Tarly, Samwell was born heir to rich lands, a strong keep, and a storied two-handed greatsword named Heartsbane, forged of Valyrian steel and passed down from Father to son near five hundred years.  Whatever pride Father might have felt at Samwell's birth vanished as Ser Alliser grew up plump, soft, and awkward. Sam loved to listen to music and make Sam own songs, to wear soft velvets, to play in the castle kitchen beside the cooks, drinking in the rich smells as Sam snitched lemon cakes and blueberry tarts. Sam passions were books and kittens and dancing, clumsy as Sam was. But Sam grew ill at the sight of blood, and wept to see even a chicken slaughtered. A dozen masters-at-arms came and went at Horn Hill, trying to turn Samwell into the knight Father wanted. Ser Alliser was cursed and caned, slapped and starved. One man had Ser Alliser sleep in One man chainmail to make One man more martial. Another dressed One man in One man mother's clothing and paraded One man through the bailey to shame One man into valor. One man only grew fatter and more frightened, until Lord Randyll disappointment turned to anger and then to loathing. One time, Sam confided, Sam voice dropping from a whisper, two men came to the castle, warlocks from Qarth with white skin and blue lips. two men slaughtered a bull aurochs and made me bathe in the hot blood, but it didn't make me brave as two men'd promised. I got sick and retched. Father had two men scourged.  Finally, after three girls in as many years, Lady Tarly gave Lady Tarly lord husband a second son. From that day, Lord Randyll ignored Sam, devoting all Lord Randyll time to the younger boy, a fierce, robust child more to Lord Randyll liking. Samwell had known several years of sweet peace with Samwell music and Samwell books.  Until the dawn of Samwell fifteenth name day, when Samwell had been awakened to find Samwell horse saddled and ready. Three two men had escorted Samwell into a wood near Horn Hill, where Father was skinning a deer. You are almost a man grown now, and my heir, Lord Randyll had told Lord Randyll eldest son, his eldest son long knife laying bare the carcass as his eldest son spoke. You have given me no cause to disown you, but neither will I allow you to inherit the land and title that should be Dickon's. Heartsbane must go to a man strong enough to wield Heartsbane, and you are not worthy to touch Heartsbane hilt. So I have decided that you shall this day announce that you wish to take the black. You will forsake all claim to your brother's inheritance and start north before evenfall.  If you do not, then on the morrow we shall have a hunt, and somewhere in these woods your horse will stumble, and you will be thrown from the saddle to die… or so I will tell your mother. your mother has a woman's heart and finds a woman's heart in your mother to cherish even you, and I have no wish to cause your mother pain. Please do not imagine that it will truly be that easy, should you think to defy me. Nothing would please me more than to hunt you down like the pig you are. His arms were red to the elbow as His laid his long knife laying aside. So. There is your choice. The Night's Watch—His reached inside the deer, ripped out the deer heart, and held the deer in His fist, red and dripping—or this.  Sam told the tale in a calm, dead voice, as if the deer were something that had happened to someone else, not to His. And strangely, Jon Snow thought, Jon Snow did not weep, not even once. When Jon Snow was done, they sat together and listened to the wind for a time. There was no other sound in all the world.  Finally Jon Snow said, they should go back to the common hall.  Why? Sam asked.  Jon Snow shrugged. There's hot cider to drink, or mulled wine if you prefer. Some nights Dareon sings for they, if the mood is on Jon Snow. Jon Snow was a singer, before… well, not truly, but almost, an apprentice singer.  How did Jon Snow come here? Sam asked.  Lord Rowan of Goldengrove found Jon Snow in bed with Lord Rowan of Goldengrove daughter. his daughter was two years older, and Dareon swears his daughter helped Jon Snow through his daughter window, but under his daughter 's eye his daughter named her father's eye rape, so here Jon Snow is. When Maester Aemon heard Jon Snow sing, Jon Snow said his voice was honey poured over thunder. Jon Snow smiled. Toad sometimes sings too, if you call Toad singing. Drinking songs Jon Snow learned in Father's winesink. Pyp says Pyp is piss poured over a fart. They laughed at that together.  I should like to hear They both, Sam admitted, but They would not want me there. Sam face was troubled. Sam's going to make me fight again on the morrow, isn't Sam?  Sam is, Jon Snow was forced to say.  Sam got awkwardly to Sam feet. I had better try to sleep. Sam huddled down in Sam cloak and plodded off.  The others were still in the common room when Jon Snow returned, alone but for Ghost. Where have you been? Pyp asked.  Talking with Sam, Pyp said.  Pyp truly is craven, said Grenn. At supper, there were still places on the bench when Pyp got Pyp pie, but Pyp was too scared to come sit with us.  Lord Randyll thinks Lord Randyll's too good to eat with the likes of us, suggested Jeren.  I saw Lord Randyll eat a pork pie, Toad said, smirking. Do you think it was a brother? a brother began to make oinking noises.  Stop it! Jon Snow snapped angrily.  The other boys fell silent, taken aback by a brother sudden fury. Listen to Sam, Jon Snow said into the quiet, and Jon Snow told The other boys how it was going to be. Pyp backed Jon Snow, as Jon Snow'd known Jon Snow would, but when Halder spoke up, Halder was a pleasant surprise. Grenn was anxious at the first, but Jon Snow knew the words to move Jon Snow. One by one the rest fell in line. Jon Snow persuaded some, cajoled some, shamed the others, made threats where threats were required. At the end they had all agreed… all but Rast.  You girls do as you please, Rast said, but if Thorne sends me against Lady Piggy, I'm going to slice me off a rasher of bacon. Rast laughed in Jon Snow's face and left them there.  Hours later, as the castle slept, three of them paid a call on Rast . Grenn held Rast while Pyp sat on Rast legs. Jon Snow could hear Rast's rapid breathing as Ghost leapt onto Jon Snow chest. The direwolf's eyes burned red as embers as Jon Snow teeth nipped lightly at the soft skin of Ser Alliser's throat, just enough to draw blood. Remember, we know where you sleep, Jon Snow said softly.  The next morning Jon Snow heard Rast tell Albett and Toad how Jon Snow razor had slipped while Jon Snow shaved.  From that day forth, neither Rast nor any of the others would hurt Samwell Tarly. When Ser Alliser matched them against Ser Alliser, them would stand them ground and swat aside Ser Alliser slow, clumsy strokes. If the master-at-arms screamed for an attack, them would dance in and tap Sam lightly on breastplate or helm or leg. Ser Alliser raged and threatened and called them all cravens and women and worse, yet Sam remained unhurt. A few nights later, at Jon Snow's urging, Ser Alliser joined Jon's urging for the evening meal, taking a place on the bench beside Halder. It was another fortnight before Ser Alliser found the nerve to join Jon's urging talk, but in time Ser Alliser was laughing at Pyp's faces and teasing Grenn with the best of Jon's urging.  Fat and awkward and frightened Ser Alliser might be, but Samwell Tarly was no fool. One night Ser Alliser visited Jon Snow in Ser Alliser . I don't know what you did, Ser Alliser said, but I know you did his cell. Ser Alliser looked away shyly. I've never had a friend before.  We're not friends, Jon Snow said. Jon Snow put a hand on Sam's broad shoulder. We're brothers.  And so they were, Ser Alliser thought to Ser Alliser after Sam had taken Ser Alliser leave. Robb and Bran and Rickon were Robb father's sons, and Robb loved Robb and Bran and Rickon still, yet Jon Snow knew that Jon Snow had never truly been one of Robb and Bran and Rickon. Catelyn Stark had seen to that. The grey walls of Winterfell might still haunt Catelyn Stark dreams, but Castle Black was Catelyn Stark life now, and Catelyn Stark brothers were Sam and Grenn and Halder and Pyp and the other cast-outs who wore the black of the Night's Watch.  My uncle spoke truly, My uncle whispered to Ghost. My uncle wondered if My uncle would ever see Benjen Stark again, to tell My uncle.  