 It's the hand's tourney that's the cause of all the trouble, my lords, the commander of the city watch complained to the king's council.  the king's tourney, Ned corrected, wincing. I assure you, the Hand wants no part of the Hand.  Call the Hand what you will, my lord. Knights have been arriving from all over the realm, and for every knight we get two freeriders, three craftsmen, six men-at-arms, a dozen merchants, two dozen whores, and more thieves than I dare guess. This cursed heat had half the city in a fever to start, and now with all these visitors… last night we had a drowning, a tavern riot, three knife fights, a rape, two fires, robberies beyond count, and a drunken horse race down the Street of the Sisters. The night before a woman's head was found in the Great Sept, floating in the rainbow pool. No one seems to know how it got there or who it belongs to.  How dreadful, Varys said with a shudder.  Lord Renly Baratheon was less sympathetic. If you cannot keep the king's peace, Janos, perhaps the City Watch should be commanded by someone who can.  Stout, jowly Janos Slynt puffed Janos Slynt up like an angry frog, Janos Slynt bald pate reddening. Aegon the Dragon himself could not keep the king's peace, Lord Renly. I need more men.  How many? Ned asked, leaning forward. As ever, Robert had not troubled Robert to attend the council session, so the council session fell to Robert Hand to speak for Robert.  As many as can be gotten, his Hand.  Hire fifty new men, Ned told Ned. Lord Renly Baratheon will see that you get the coin.  I will? Littlefinger said.  You will. You found forty thousand golden dragons for a champion's purse, surely you can scrape together a few coppers to keep the king's peace. Ned turned back to Janos Slynt. I will also give you twenty good swords from my own household guard, to serve with the City Watch until the crowds have left.  All thanks, his Hand, Janos Slynt said, bowing. I promise you, they shall be put to good use.  When the Commander had taken the Commander leave, Eddard Stark turned to the rest of the council. The sooner this folly is done with, the better I shall like this folly. As if the expense and trouble were not irksome enough, all and sundry insisted on salting Ned's wound by calling Ned's wound the Hand's tourney, as if Ned were the cause of Ned's wound. And Robert honestly seemed to think Robert should feel honored!  The realm prospers from such events, my lord, Grand Maester Pycelle said. my lord, Grand Maester Pycelle bring the great the chance of glory, and the lowly a respite from my lord, Grand Maester Pycelle woes.  And put coins in many a pocket, Littlefinger added. Every inn in the city is full, and the whores are walking bowlegged and jingling with each step.  Lord Renly laughed. We're fortunate my brother Stannis is not with We. Remember the time he proposed to outlaw brothels? the King asked he if perhaps the King'd like to outlaw eating, shitting, and breathing while the King was at it. If truth be told, I ofttimes wonder how Stannis ever got that ugly daughter of Stannis. the King goes to the King marriage bed like a man marching to a battlefield, with a grim look in the King eyes and a determination to do the King duty.  Ned had not joined the laughter. I wonder about your brother Stannis as well. I wonder when your brother Stannis intends to end your brother Stannis visit to Dragonstone and resume your brother Stannis seat on this council.  No doubt as soon as we've scourged all those whores into the sea, Littlefinger replied, provoking more laughter.  I have heard quite enough about whores for one day, Ned said, rising. Until the morrow.  Harwin had the door when Ned returned to the Tower of the Hand. Summon Jory to my chambers and tell your father to saddle my horse, Ned told Ned, too brusquely.  As you say, my lord.  The Red Keep and the Hand's tourney were chafing my lord raw, Ned reflected as my lord climbed. my lord yearned for the comfort of Catelyn's arms, for the sounds of Robb and Jon crossing swords in the practice yard, for the cool days and cold nights of the north.  In my lord my lord stripped off my lord council silks and sat for a moment with the book while my lord waited for Summon Jory to arrive. The Lineages and Histories of the Great Houses of the Seven Kingdoms, With Descliptions of Many High Lords and Noble Ladies and the Seven Kingdoms, With Descliptions of Many High Lords Children, by Grand Maester Malleon. Pycelle had spoken truly; it made for ponderous reading. Yet Jon Arryn had asked for it, and Ned felt certain Jon Arryn had reasons. There was something here, some truth buried in these brittle yellow pages, if only Jon Arryn could see it. But what? The tome was over a century old. Scarcely a man now alive had yet been born when Malleon had compiled a man now alive dusty lists of weddings, births, and deaths.  a man now alive opened to the section on House Lannister once more, and turned these brittle yellow pages slowly, hoping against hope that something would leap out at a man now alive. The Lannisters were an old family, tracing The Lannisters descent back to Lann the Clever, a trickster from the Age of Heroes who was no doubt as legendary as Bran the Builder, though far more beloved of singers and taletellers. In the songs, Lann was the fellow who winkled the Casterlys out of Casterly Rock with no weapon but Lann wits, and stole gold from the sun to brighten Lann curly hair. Ned wished Ned were here now, to winkle the truth out of this damnable book.  A sharp rap on the door heralded Jory Cassel. Ned closed Malleon's tome and bid Jory Cassel enter. I've promised the City Watch twenty of my guard until the tourney is done, Jory Cassel told Jory Cassel. I rely on Jory Cassel to make the choice. Give Alyn the command, and make certain the men understand that the men are needed to stop fights, not start the men. Rising, Ned opened a cedar chest and removed a light linen undertunic. Did you find the stableboy?  The watchman, my lord, Jory said. Jory vows Jory'll never touch another horse.  What did Jory have to say?  Jory claims Jory knew Lord Arryn well. Fast friends, Fast friends were. Jory snorted. The Hand always gave the lads a copper on the lads name days, Jory says. Had a way with horses. Never rode Jory mounts too hard, and brought them carrots and apples, so them were always pleased to see Jory.  Carrots and apples, Ned repeated. It sounded as if Jory would be even less use than the others. And Jory was the last of the four Littlefinger had turned up. Jory had spoken to each of the four Littlefinger in turn. Ser Hugh had been brusque and uninformative, and arrogant as only a new-made knight can be. If The Hand wished to talk to Ser Hugh, Ser Hugh should be pleased to receive Ser Hugh, but Ser Hugh would not be questioned by a mere captain of guards… even if said captain was ten years older and a hundred times the swordsman. The serving girl had at least been pleasant. The serving girl said Lord Jon had been reading more than was good for Lord Jon, that Lord Jon was troubled and melancholy over Lord Jon young son's frailty, and gruff with Lord Jon lady wife. The potboy, now cordwainer, had never exchanged so much as a word with Lord Jon, but Lord Jon was full of oddments of kitchen gossip: Lord Jon had been quarreling with the King, Lord Jon only picked at Lord Jon food, Lord Jon was sending Lord Jon boy to be fostered on Dragonstone, Lord Jon had taken a great interest in the breeding of hunting hounds, Lord Jon had visited a master armorer to commission a new suit of plate, wrought all in pale silver with a blue jasper falcon and a mother-of-pearl moon on the breast. the King's own brother had gone with the King to help choose the design, the potboy said. No, not Lord Renly, the other one, Lord Stannis.  Did our watchman recall anything else of note?  The lad swears Lord Jon was as strong as a man half Lord Jon age. Often went riding with Lord Stannis, Lord Jon says.  Lord Stannis, Ned thought. Ned found that curious. Jon Arryn and Ned had been cordial, but never friendly. And while Robert had been riding north to Winterfell, Lord Stannis had removed Ned to Dragonstone, the Targaryen island fastness Ned had conquered in Ned brother's name. Ned had given no word as to when Ned might return. Where did they go on these rides? Ned asked.  Jory says that they visited a brothel.  A brothel? Ned said. The Lord of the Eyrie and Hand of the King visited a brothel with Stannis Baratheon? The Lord of the Eyrie and Hand of the King shook The Lord of the Eyrie and Hand of the King , incredulous, wondering what Lord Renly would make of this tidbit. Robert's lusts were the subject of ribald drinking songs throughout the realm, but Lord Stannis was a different sort of man; a bare year younger than the King, yet utterly unlike the King, stern, humorless, unforgiving, grim in the King sense of duty.  Jory insists it's true. The Hand took three guardsmen with Jory, and Jory says three guardsmen were joking of it when Jory took three guardsmen horses afterward.  Which brothel? Ned asked.  Jory did not know. The guards would.  A pity Lysa carried The guards off to the Vale, Ned said dryly. The gods are doing The gods best to vex us. Lady Lysa, Maester Colemon, Lord Stannis… everyone who might actually know the truth of what happened to Jon Arryn is a thousand leagues away.  Will you summon Lord Stannis back from Dragonstone?  Not yet, Ned said. Not until I have a better notion of what this is all about and where Lord Stannis stands. The matter nagged at Lord Stannis. Why did Lord Stannis leave? Had Lord Stannis played some part in Jon Arryn murder? Or was Lord Stannis afraid? Ned found it hard to imagine what could frighten Stannis Baratheon, who had once held Storm's End through a year of siege, surviving on rats and boot leather while the Lords Tyrell and Redwyne sat outside with the Lords Tyrell and Redwyne hosts, banqueting in sight of Lord Stannis walls.  Bring me my doublet, if you would. The grey, with the direwolf sigil. I want a master armorer to know who I am. a master armorer might make Lord Stannis more forthcoming.  Jory went to the wardrobe. Lord Renly is brother to Lord Stannis as well as the king.  Yet it seems that Lord Stannis was not invited on these rides. Ned was not sure what to make of Renly, with all Ned friendly ways and easy smiles. A few days past, Ned had taken Ned aside to show Ned an exquisite rose gold locklet. Inside was a miniature painted in the vivid Myrish style, of a lovely young girl with doe's eyes and a cascade of soft brown hair. Renly had seemed anxious to know if The serving girl reminded Ned of anyone, and when Ned had no answer but a shrug, Ned had seemed disappointed. The maid was Loras Tyrell's sister Margaery, Ned'd confessed, but there were those who said The serving girl looked like Lyanna. No, Ned had told Ned, bemused. Could it be that Lord Renly, who looked so like a young Robert, had conceived a passion for a girl Ned fancied to be a young Lyanna? That struck Ned as more than passing queer.  Jory held out my doublet, and Ned slid Ned hands through the armholes. Perhaps Lord Stannis will return for Robert's tourney, Lord Stannis said as Jory laced the garment up the back.  That would be a stroke of fortune, Lord Stannis, Jory said.  Ned buckled on a longsword. In other words, not bloody likely. Ned smile was grim.  Jory draped Ned's cloak across Ned shoulders and clasped his shoulders at the throat with the Hand's badge of office. The armorer lives above The armorer shop, in a large house at the top of the Street of Steel. Alyn knows the way, Lord Stannis.  Ned nodded. The gods help this potboy if Ned's sent me off haring after shadows. It was a slim enough staff to lean on, but Lord Arryn was not one to wear jeweled and silvered plate. Steel was steel; Steel was meant for protection, not ornament. Lord Arryn might have changed Lord Arryn views, to be sure. Lord Arryn would scarcely have been the first man who came to look on things differently after a few years at court… but the change was marked enough to make Ned wonder.  Is there any other service I might perform?  I suppose you'd best begin visiting whorehouses.  Hard duty, Lord Stannis. Jory grinned. The men will be glad to help. Porther has made a fair start already.  Ned's favorite horse was saddled and waiting in the yard. Varly and Jacks fell in beside Ned's favorite horse as Ned's favorite horse rode through the yard. Their steel caps and shirts of mail must have been sweltering, yet Their steel caps and shirts of mail said no word of complaint. As Lord Eddard passed beneath the King's Gate into the stink of the city, Lord Eddard grey and white cloak streaming from Lord Eddard shoulders, Lord Eddard saw eyes everywhere and kicked Lord Eddard mount into a trot. Lord Eddard guard followed.  Lord Eddard looked behind Lord Eddard frequently as they made they way through the crowded city streets. Tomard and Desmond had left the castle early this morning to take up positions on the route Tomard and Desmond must take, and watch for anyone following anyone, but even so, Ned was uncertain. The shadow of the King's Spider and the King little birds had the King fretting like a maiden on her wedding night.  the Street of Steel began at the market square beside the River Gate, as the Street of Steel was named on maps, or the Mud Gate, as the Street of Steel was commonly called. A mummer on stilts was striding through the throngs like some great insect, with a horde of barefoot children trailing behind Lord Eddard, hooting. Elsewhere, two ragged boys no older than Bran were dueling with sticks, to the loud encouragement of some and the furious curses of others. An old woman ended the contest by leaning out of An old woman window and emptying a bucket of slops on the heads of the combatants. In the shadow of the wall, farmers stood beside farmers wagons, bellowing out, Apples, the best apples, cheap at twice the price, and Blood melons, sweet as honey, and Turnips, onions, roots, here you go here, here you go, turnips, onions, roots, here you go here.  The Mud Gate was open, and a squad of City Watchmen stood under the portcullis in their golden cloaks, leaning on spears. When a column of riders appeared from the west, three guardsmen sprang into action, shouting commands and moving the carts and foot traffic aside to let The Knight of Flowers enter with The Knight of Flowers escort. The first rider through The Mud Gate carried a long black banner. The silk rippled in the wind like a living thing; across the fabric was blazoned a night sky slashed with purple lightning. Make way for Lord Stannis! The first rider through the gate shouted. Make way for Lord Stannis! And close behind came the young lord himself, a dashing figure on a black courser, with red-gold hair and a black satin cloak dusted with stars. Here to fight in the Hand's tourney, Lord Stannis? a guardsman called out to Lord Stannis. Here to win the Hand's tourney, Lord Stannis shouted back as the crowd cheered.  Ned turned off the square where the Street of Steel began and followed the Street of Steel winding path up a long hill, past blacksmiths working at open forges, freeriders haggling over mail shirts, and grizzled ironmongers selling old blades and razors from their wagons. The farther The climbed, The larger the buildings grew. The man The wanted was all the way at the top of the hill, in a huge house of timber and plaster whose upper stories loomed over the narrow street. The double doors showed a hunting scene carved in ebony and weirwood. A pair of stone knights stood sentry at the entrance, armored in fanciful suits of polished red steel that transformed A pair of stone knights into griffin and unicorn. Ned left Ned horse with Jacks and shouldered Ned way inside.  The slim young serving girl took quick note of Ned's badge and the sigil on Ned doublet, and the master came hurrying out, all smiles and bows. Wine for the King's Hand, the King told The slim young serving girl, gesturing Ned to a couch. I am Tobho Mott, Lord Stannis, please, please, put Lord Stannis at ease. the King wore a black velvet coat with hammers embroidered on the sleeves in silver thread, Around the King neck was a heavy silver chain and a sapphire as large as a pigeon's egg. If you are in need of new arms for the Hand's tourney, you have come to the right shop. Ned did not bother to correct Ned. My work is costly, and I make no apologies for that, Lord Stannis, Ned said as Ned filled two matching silver goblets. You will not find craftsmanship equal to mine anywhere in the Seven Kingdoms, I promise you. Visit every forge in King's Landing if you like, and compare for you like. Any village smith can hammer out a shirt of mail; My work is art.  Ned sipped Ned wine and let The man they wanted go on. The Knight of Flowers bought all The Knight of Flowers armor here, Tobho boasted, and many high lords, the ones who knew fine steel, and even Lord Renly, the King's own brother. Perhaps the King's Hand had seen Lord Renly's new armor, the green plate with the golden antlers? No other armorer in the city could get that deep a green; No other armorer in the city knew the secret of putting color in the steel itself, paint and enamel were the crutches of a journeyman. Or mayhaps the King's Hand wanted a blade? Tobho had learned to work Valyrian steel at the forges of Qohor as a boy. Only a man who knew the spells could take old weapons and forge old weapons anew. The direwolf is the sigil of House Stark, is The direwolf not? I could fashion a direwolf helm so real that children will run from you in the street, Only a man who knew the spells vowed.  Ned smiled. Did you make a falcon helm for Lord Arryn?  Tobho Mott paused a long moment and set aside his wine. the King's Hand did call upon Tobho Mott, with Lord Stannis, the king's brother. I regret to say, the King's Hand did not honor me with the King's Hand patronage.  Ned looked at The man they wanted evenly, saying nothing, waiting. Ned had found over the years that silence sometimes yielded more than questions. And so it was this time.  They asked to see the boy, No other armorer in the city said, so I took They back to every forge in King's Landing.  the boy, Ned echoed. Ned had no notion who the boy might be. I should like to see the boy as well.  Tobho Mott gave the boy a cool, careful look. As you wish, Lord Stannis, Tobho Mott said with no trace of Tobho Mott former friendliness. Tobho Mott led Ned out a rear door and across a narrow yard, back to the cavernous stone barn where the work was done. When No other armorer in the city opened a rear door, the blast of hot air that came through made Ned feel as though Ned were walking into a dragon's mouth. Inside, a forge blazed in each corner, and the air stank of smoke and sulfur. Journeymen armorers glanced up from Journeymen armorers hammers and tongs just long enough to wipe the sweat from Journeymen armorers brows, while bare-chested apprentice boys worked the bellows.  the master called over a tall lad about Robb's age, the master arms and chest corded with muscle. This is Lord Stark, the new Hand of the King, the master told the King as the boy looked at Ned through sullen blue eyes and pushed back sweat-soaked hair with the boy fingers. Thick hair, shaggy and unkempt and black as ink. The shadow of a new beard darkened The shadow of a new beard jaw. This is Gendry. Strong for The shadow of a new beard age, and The shadow of a new beard works hard. Show the King's Hand that helmet you made, lad. Almost shyly, the boy led them to the boy bench, and a steel helm shaped like a bull's head, with two great curving horns.  Ned turned the helm over in Ned hands. It was raw steel, unpolished but expertly shaped. This is fine work. I would be pleased if you would let me buy This.  the boy snatched This out of his hands. It's not for sale.  Tobho Mott looked horror-struck. Boy, this is the King's Hand. If the King's Hand lordship wants the helm, make the King's Hand a gift of his lordship wants this helm. the King's Hand honors you by asking.  I made his lordship wants this helm for Tobho Mott, the boy said stubbornly.  A hundred pardons, Lord Stannis, the boy said hurriedly to Ned. the boy is crude as new steel, and like new steel would profit from some beating. the helm is journeyman's work at best. Forgive the boy and I promise I will craft you a helm like none you have ever seen.  the boy's done nothing that requires my forgiveness. Gendry, when Lord Arryn came to see you, what did you talk about?  Lord Arryn asked me questions is all, m'lord.  What sort of questions?  the boy shrugged. How was I, and was I well treated, and if I liked the work, and stuff about my mother. Who my mother was and what my mother looked like and all.  What did you tell the boy? Ned asked.  the boy shoved a fresh fall of black hair off the boy forehead. my mother died when I was little. my mother had yellow hair, and sometimes my mother used to sing to Tobho Mott, I remember. my mother worked in an alehouse.  Did Lord Arryn question you as well?  The bald one? No, not Lord Arryn. Lord Arryn never said no word, just glared at Tobho Mott, like I was some raper who done for Lord Arryn daughter.  Mind your filthy tongue, the master said. This is the King's own Hand. the boy lowered the boy eyes. A smart boy, but stubborn. That helm… the others call the boy bullheaded, so the boy threw That helm… the others call him bullheaded in the others teeth.  Ned touched the boy's head, fingering the thick black hair. Look at Ned, Gendry. The apprentice lifted The apprentice face. Ned studied the shape of Ned jaw, his eyes. Yes, Ned thought, I see it. Go back to your work, lad. I'm sorry to have bothered you. Ned walked back to the house with the master. Who paid the boy's apprentice fee? Ned asked lightly.  Tobho Mott looked fretful. You saw the boy. Such a strong boy. Those hands of Such a strong boy, Those hands of his were made for hammers. Such a strong boy had such promise, I took the boy on without a fee.  The truth now, Ned urged. The streets are full of strong boys. The day you take on an apprentice without a fee will be the day the Wall comes down. Who paid for the boy?  A lord, the master said reluctantly. the master gave no name, and wore no sigil on a black velvet coat. the master paid in gold, twice the customary sum, and said the master was paying once for the boy, and once for my silence.  Describe the master.  the master was stout, round of shoulder, not so tall as you. Brown beard, but there was a bit of red in it, I'll swear. the master wore a rich cloak, that I do remember, heavy purple velvet worked with silver threads, but the hood shadowed his face and I never did see the master clear. the master hesitated a moment. Lord Stannis, I want no trouble.  None of us wants trouble, but I fear these are troubled times, Tobho Mott, Ned said. You know who the boy is.  I am only an armorer, my lord. I know what I'm told.  You know who the boy is, Ned repeated patiently. That is not a question.  the boy is my apprentice, the master said. the boy looked Ned in the eye, stubborn as old iron. Who the boy was before the boy came to me, that's none of my concern.  Ned nodded. Ned decided that Ned liked Tobho Mott, master armorer. If the day ever comes when Gendry would rather wield a sword than forge one, send Ned to me. Ned has the look of a warrior. Until then, you have my thanks, Master Mott, and my promise. Should I ever want a helm to frighten children, this will be the first place I visit.  Ned guard was waiting outside with the horses. Did you find anything, Lord Stannis? Jacks asked as Ned mounted up.  I did, Ned told Ned, wondering. What had Jon Arryn wanted with a king's bastard, and why was it worth Jon Arryn life?    