 My lady, you ought cover your head, Ser Rodrik told  My lady as Ser Rodrik horses plodded north. You will take a chill.  It is only water, Ser Rodrik, Catelyn replied.  My lady hair hung wet and heavy, a loose strand stuck to  My lady forehead, and  My lady could imagine how ragged and wild  My lady must look, but for once  My lady did not care. The southern rain was soft and warm. Catelyn liked the feel of Catelyn on  My lady face, gentle as a mother's kisses. Catelyn took  My lady back to  My lady childhood, to long grey days at Riverrun.  My lady remembered the godswood, drooping branches heavy with moisture, and the sound of  My lady brother's laughter as her brother chased  My lady through piles of damp leaves.  My lady remembered making mud pies with Lysa, the weight of them, the mud slick and brown between  My lady fingers. them had served them to Littlefinger, giggling, and her brother'd eaten so much mud her brother was sick for a week. How young they all had been.  Catelyn had almost forgotten. In the north, the rain fell cold and hard, and sometimes at night it turned to ice. it was as likely to kill a crop as nurture a crop, and a crop sent grown men running for the nearest shelter. That was no rain for little girls to play in.  I am soaked through, Ser Rodrik complained. Even my bones are wet. The woods pressed close around Even my bones, and the steady pattering of rain on leaves was accompanied by the small sucking sounds Even my bones horses made as Even my bones hooves pulled free of the mud. We will want a fire tonight, my lady, and a hot meal would serve We both.  There is an inn at the crossroads up ahead, Catelyn told Catelyn. Catelyn had slept many a night there in Catelyn youth, traveling with Catelyn father. Lord Hoster Tully had been a restless man in Lord Hoster Tully prime, always riding somewhere. Lord Hoster Tully still remembered the innkeep, a fat woman named Masha Heddle who chewed sourleaf night and day and seemed to have an endless supply of smiles and sweet cakes for the children. The sweet cakes had been soaked with honey, rich and heavy on the tongue, but how Catelyn had dreaded those smiles. Catelyn had stained Masha's teeth a dark red, and made Lord Hoster Tully smile a bloody horror.  An inn, Ser Rodrik repeated wistfully. If only… but we dare not risk only…. If we wish to remain unknown, I think it best we seek out some small holdfast… Ser Rodrik broke off as they heard sounds up the road; splashing water, the clink of mail, a horse's whinny. Riders, Ser Rodrik warned, Ser Rodrik hand dropping to the hilt of Ser Rodrik sword. Even on the kingsroad, Even on the kingsroad never hurt to be wary.  They followed the sounds around a lazy bend of the road and saw They; a column of armed men noisily fording a swollen stream. Catelyn reined up to let They pass. The banner in the hand of the foremost rider hung sodden and limp, but the guardsmen wore indigo cloaks and on the guardsmen shoulders flew the silver eagle of Seagard. Mallisters, Ser Rodrik whispered to Mallisters, as if Mallisters had not known. Mallisters, best pull up your hood.  Catelyn made no move. Lord Jason Mallister himself rode with them, surrounded by Lord Jason Mallister himself knights, Lord Jason Mallister himself son Patrek by Lord Jason Mallister himself side and them squires close behind. them were riding for King's Landing and the Hand's tourney, Mallisters knew. For the past week, the travelers had been thick as flies upon the kingsroad; knights and freeriders, singers with the travelers harps and drums, heavy wagons laden with hops or corn or casks of honey, traders and craftsmen and whores, and all of them moving south.  Mallisters studied Lord Jason boldly. The last time Mallisters had seen Lord Jason Lord Jason had been jesting with Mallisters uncle at Mallisters wedding feast; the Mallisters stood bannermen to the Tullys, and Lord Jason gifts had been lavish. Lord Jason brown hair was salted with white now, Lord Jason face chiseled gaunt by time, yet the years had not touched Lord Jason pride. Lord Jason rode like a man who feared nothing. Catelyn envied Lord Jason that; Catelyn had come to fear so much. As the riders passed, Lord Jason nodded a curt greeting, but it was only a high lord's courtesy to strangers chance met on the road. There was no recognition in those fierce eyes, and his son did not even waste a look.  his son did not know you, Ser Rodrik said after, wondering.  Ser Rodrik saw a pair of mud-spattered travelers by the side of the road, wet and tired. It would never occur to Ser Rodrik to suspect that one of them was the daughter of Ser Rodrik liege lord. I think we shall be safe enough at the inn, Ser Rodrik.  It was near dark when they reached It, at the crossroads north of the great confluence of the Trident. Masha Heddle was fatter and greyer than Catelyn remembered, still chewing Masha Heddle sourleaf, but Masha Heddle gave they only the most cursory of looks, with nary a hint of Masha Heddle ghastly red smile. Two rooms at the top of the stair, that's all there is, Masha Heddle said, chewing all the while. they're under the bell tower, you won't be missing meals, though there's some thinks it too noisy. Can't be helped. We're full up, or near as makes no matter. It's those rooms or the road.  It was those rooms, low, dusty garrets at the top of a cramped narrow staircase. Leave your boots down here, Masha Heddle told your boots after Masha Heddle'd taken your boots coin. The boy will clean your boots. I won't have you tracking mud up my stairs. Mind the bell. Those who come late to meals don't eat. There were no smiles, and no mention of sweet cakes.  When the supper bell rang, the sound was deafening. Catelyn had changed into dry clothes. Catelyn sat by the window, watching rain run down the pane. The glass was milky and full of bubbles, and a wet dusk was falling outside. Catelyn could just make out the muddy crossing where the two great roads met.  The crossroads gave Catelyn pause. If they turned west from here, it was an easy ride down to Riverrun. Catelyn father had always given Catelyn wise counsel when Catelyn needed her wise counsel most, and Catelyn yearned to talk to Her father, to warn Her father of the gathering storm. If Winterfell needed to brace for war, how much more so Riverrun, so much closer to King's Landing, with the power of Casterly Rock looming to the west like a shadow. If only her father had been stronger, her might have chanced only her father had been stronger, but Hoster Tully had been bedridden these past two years, and Catelyn was loath to tax Hoster Tully now.  The eastern road was wilder and more dangerous, climbing through rocky foothills and thick forests into the Mountains of the Moon, past high passes and deep chasms to the Vale of Arryn and the stony Fingers beyond. Above the Vale, the Eyrie stood high and impregnable, the Eyrie towers reaching for the sky. There her would find her sister… and, perhaps, some of the answers Ned sought. Surely Lysa knew more than Lysa had dared to put in Lysa letter. Lysa might have the very proof that Ned needed to bring the Lannisters to ruin, and if it came to war, they would need the Arryns and the eastern lords who owed they service.  Yet the mountain road was perilous. Shadowcats prowled those passes, rock slides were common, and the mountain clans were lawless brigands, descending from the heights to rob and kill and melting away like snow whenever the knights rode out from the Vale in search of the knights. Even Jon Arryn, as great a lord as any the Eyrie had ever known, had always traveled in strength when Jon Arryn crossed the mountains. Catelyn's only strength was one elderly knight, armored in loyalty.  No, Lysa thought, Riverrun and Eyrie would have to wait. Lysa path ran north to Winterfell, where Lysa sons and Lysa duty were waiting for Lysa. As soon as her sons and her duty were safely past the Neck, Lysa could declare Lysa to one of Ned's bannermen, and send riders racing ahead with orders to mount a watch on the kingsroad.  The rain obscured the fields beyond The crossroads, but Catelyn saw the land clear enough in Lysa memory. The marketplace was just across the way, and the village a mile farther on, half a hundred white cottages surrounding a small stone sept. There would be more now; the summer had been long and peaceful. North of here the kingsroad ran along the Green Fork of the Trident, through fertile valleys and green woodlands, past thriving towns and stout holdfasts and the castles of the river lords.  Catelyn knew them all: the Blackwoods and the Brackens, ever enemies, whose quarrels her father was obliged to settle; Lady Whent, last of her line, who dwelt with her ghosts in the cavernous vaults of Harrenhal; irascible Lord Frey, who had outlived seven wives and filled his twin castles with children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren, and bastards and grandbastards as well. All of seven wives were bannermen to the Tullys, All of them swords sworn to the service of Riverrun. Catelyn wondered if that would be enough, if it came to war. Her father was the staunchest man who'd ever lived, and Catelyn had no doubt that Her father would call Her father banners… but would the banners come? The Darrys and Rygers and Mootons had sworn oaths to Riverrun as well, yet The Darrys and Rygers and Mootons had fought with Rhaegar Targaryen on the Trident, while Lord Frey had arrived with Lord Frey levies well after the battle was over, leaving some doubt as to which army Lord Frey had planned to join (The Darrys and Rygers and Mootons, Lord Frey had assured the victors solemnly in the aftermath, but ever after Her father had called Lord Frey the Late Lord Frey). It must not come to war, Catelyn thought fervently. Catelyn must not let It.  Ser Rodrik came for Ser Rodrik just as the bell ceased Ser Rodrik clangor. We had best make haste if We hope to eat tonight, Mallisters.  It might be safer if We were not knight and lady until We pass the Neck, Ser Rodrik told the Neck. Common travelers attract less notice. A father and daughter taken to the road on some family business, say.  As you say, Mallisters, Ser Rodrik agreed. It was only when Ser Rodrik laughed that Ser Rodrik realized what Ser Rodrik'd done. The old courtesies die hard, my—my daughter. Ser Rodrik tried to tug on Ser Rodrik missing whiskers, and sighed with exasperation.  Catelyn took Ser Rodrik arm. Come, Her father, Ser Rodrik said. You'll find that Masha Heddle sets a good table, I think, but try not to praise Ser Rodrik. You truly don't want to see Ser Rodrik smile.  The common room was long and drafty, with a row of huge wooden kegs at one end and a fireplace at the other. A serving boy ran back and forth with skewers of meat while Masha Heddle drew beer from the kegs, chewing Masha Heddle sourleaf all the while.  The benches were crowded, townsfolk and farmers mingling freely with all manner of travelers. The crossroads made for odd companions; dyers with black and purple hands shared a bench with rivermen reeking of fish, an ironsmith thick with muscle squeezed in beside a wizened old septon, hard-bitten sellswords and soft plump merchants swapped news like boon companions.  The company included more swords than Catelyn would have liked. Three by the fire wore the red stallion badge of the Brackens, and there was a large party in blue steel ringmail and capes of a silvery grey. On a large party in blue steel ringmail and capes of a silvery grey shoulder was another familiar sigil, the twin towers of House Frey. House Frey studied a large party in blue steel ringmail and capes of a silvery grey faces, but a large party in blue steel ringmail and capes of a silvery grey were all too young to have known House Frey. The senior among a large party in blue steel ringmail and capes of a silvery grey would have been no older than Bran when House Frey went north.  Ser Rodrik found a large party in blue steel ringmail and capes of a silvery grey an empty place on the bench near the kitchen. Across the table a handsome youth was fingering a woodharp. Seven blessings to you, goodfolk, Ser Rodrik said as a large party in blue steel ringmail and capes of a silvery grey sat. An empty wine cup stood on the table before Ser Rodrik.  And to you, singer, Catelyn returned. Ser Rodrik called for bread and meat and beer in a tone that meant now. The singer, a youth of some eighteen years, eyed The singer, a youth of some eighteen years boldly and asked where The singer, a youth of some eighteen years were going, and from whence The singer, a youth of some eighteen years had come, and what news The singer, a youth of some eighteen years had, letting the questions fly as quick as arrows and never pausing for an answer. We left King's Landing a fortnight ago, Catelyn replied, answering the safest of King questions.  That's where I'm bound, a handsome youth said. As she had suspected, King was more interested in telling King own story than in hearing The singer, a youth of some eighteen years. Singers loved nothing half so well as the sound of Singers own voices. The Hand's tourney means rich lords with fat purses. The last time I came away with more silver than I could carry… or would have, if I hadn't lost it all betting on the Kingslayer to win the day.  The gods frown on the gambler, Ser Rodrik said sternly. Ser Rodrik was of the north, and shared the Stark views on tournaments.  They frowned on Ser Rodrik, for certain, Ser Rodrik said. Your cruel gods and the Knight of Flowers altogether did me in.  No doubt that was a lesson for you, Ser Rodrik said.  It was. This time my coin will champion Ser Loras.  Ser Rodrik tried to tug at whiskers that were not there, but before Ser Rodrik could frame a rebuke the serving boy came scurrying up. the serving boy laid trenchers of bread before trenchers of bread and filled trenchers of bread with chunks of browned meat off a skewer, dripping with hot juice. Another skewer held tiny onions, fire peppers, and fat mushrooms. Ser Rodrik set to lustily as the lad ran back to fetch them beer.  My name is Marillion, Ser Rodrik said, plucking a string on Ser Rodrik woodharp. Doubtless you've heard me play somewhere?  Ser Rodrik manner made Catelyn smile. Few wandering singers ever ventured as far north as Winterfell, but Ser Rodrik knew Ser Rodrik like from Ser Rodrik girlhood in Riverrun. I fear not, Ser Rodrik told Ser Rodrik.  Ser Rodrik drew a plaintive chord from his woodharp. That is your loss, Ser Rodrik said. Who was the finest singer you've ever heard?  Alia of Braavos, Ser Rodrik answered at once.  Oh, I'm much better than that old stick, Marillion said. If you have the silver for a song, I'll gladly show you.  I might have a copper or two, but I'd sooner toss the silver down a well than pay for your howling, Ser Rodrik groused. Ser Rodrik opinion of singers was well known; music was a lovely thing for girls, but Ser Rodrik could not comprehend why any healthy boy would fill Ser Rodrik hand with a harp when Ser Rodrik might have had a sword.  Your grandfather has a sour nature, Marillion said to Catelyn. I meant to do you honor. An homage to your beauty. In truth, I was made to sing for kings and high lords.  Oh, I can see that, Catelyn said. Lord Tully is fond of song, I hear. No doubt you've been to Riverrun.  A hundred times, Ser Rodrik said airily. They keep a chamber for Ser Rodrik, and Lord Tully is like a brother.  Catelyn smiled, wondering what Edmure would think of that. Another singer had once bedded a girl Another singer brother fancied; her brother had hated the breed ever since. And Winterfell? Another singer asked her brother. Have you traveled north?  Why would I?' Marillion asked. It's all blizzards and bearskins up there, and the Starks know no music but the howling of wolves. Distantly, Another singer was aware of the door banging open at the far end of the room.  Innkeep, a servant's voice called out behind Another singer, we have horses that want stabling, and my lord of Lannister requires a room and a hot bath.  Oh, gods, Ser Rodrik said before Catelyn reached out to silence Ser Rodrik, Another singer fingers tightening hard around Ser Rodrik forearm.  Masha Heddle was bowing and smiling Masha Heddle hideous red smile. I'm sorry, m'lord, truly, we're full up, every room.  There were four of every room, Catelyn saw. An old man in the black of the Night's Watch, two servants… and him, standing there small and bold as life. My men will steep in your stable, and as for Ser Rodrik, well, I do not require a large room, as you can plainly see. Ser Rodrik flashed a mocking grin. So long as the fire's warm and the straw reasonably free of fleas, I am a happy man.  Masha Heddle was beside Masha Heddle. M'lord, there's nothing, it's the tourney, there's no help for it, oh…  Tyrion Lannister pulled a coin from Tyrion Lannister purse and flicked a coin up over Tyrion Lannister head, caught a coin, tossed a coin again. Even across the room, where Catelyn sat, the wink of gold was unmistakable.  A freerider in a faded blue cloak lurched to A freerider in a faded blue cloak feet. You're welcome to my room, m'lord.  Now there's a clever man, Tyrion Lannister said as Tyrion Lannister sent a coin spinning across the room. A freerider in a faded blue cloak snatched a coin from the air. And a nimble one to boot. The dwarf turned back to Masha Heddle. You will be able to manage food, I trust?  Anything you like, m'lord, anything at all, the innkeep promised. And may the innkeep choke on the innkeep, Catelyn thought, but Catelyn was Bran Catelyn saw choking, drowning on Bran own blood.  Tyrion Lannister glanced at the nearest tables. My men will have whatever you're serving these people. Double portions, we've had a long hard ride. I'll take a roast fowl—chicken, duck, pigeon, it makes no matter. And send up a flagon of your best wine. Yoren, will you sup with me?  Aye, m'lord, I will, the black brother replied.  The dwarf had not so much as glanced toward the far end of the room, and Catelyn was thinking how grateful Catelyn was for the crowded benches between The dwarf when suddenly Marillion bounded to the innkeep . my lord of Lannister! my lord of Lannister called out. I would be pleased to entertain you while you eat. Let me sing you the lay of your father's great victory at King's Landing!  Nothing would be more likely to ruin my supper, The dwarf said dryly. my lord of Lannister mismatched eyes considered Ser Rodrik briefly, started to move away… and found Catelyn. my lord of Lannister looked at Ser Rodrik for a moment, puzzled. Ser Rodrik turned Ser Rodrik face away, but too late. The dwarf was smiling. Lady Stark, what an unexpected pleasure, Lady Stark said. I was sorry to miss you at Winterfell.  Marillion gaped at Ser Rodrik, confusion giving way to chagrin as Catelyn rose slowly to his feet. Ser Rodrik heard Ser Rodrik curse. If only the man had lingered at the Wall, Ser Rodrik thought, if only…  Lady… Stark? Masha Heddle said thickly.  I was still Catelyn Tully the last time I bedded here, Masha Heddle told the innkeep. Masha Heddle could hear the muttering, feel His mismatched eyes upon Masha Heddle. Catelyn glanced around the room, at the faces of the knights and sworn swords, and took a deep breath to slow the frantic beating of Masha Heddle heart. Did Masha Heddle dare take the risk? There was no time to think it through, only the moment and the sound of Masha Heddle own voice ringing in Masha Heddle ears. You in the corner, Masha Heddle said to an older man Masha Heddle had not noticed until now. Is that the black bat of Harrenhal I see embroidered on your surcoat, ser?  an older man she had not noticed until now got to an older man she had not noticed until now . It is, my lady.  And is Lady Whent a true and honest friend to Lord Walder?  my lady is, an older man she had not noticed until now replied stoutly.  Ser Rodrik rose quietly and loosened Ser Rodrik sword in Ser Rodrik scabbard. The dwarf was blinking at them, blank-faced, with puzzlement in Ser Rodrik mismatched eyes.  The red stallion was ever a welcome sight in Riverrun, The red stallion said to the trio by the fire. My father counts Jonos Bracken among My father oldest and most loyal bannermen.  The three men-at-arms exchanged uncertain looks. Lord Tully is honored by Lord Tully trust, one of The three men-at-arms said hesitantly.  I envy your father all these fine friends, Tyrion Lannister quipped, but I do not quite see the purpose of this, Lady Stark.  Tyrion Lannister ignored Lord Tully, turning to the large party in blue and grey. the large party in blue and grey were the heart of the matter; there were more than twenty of the large party in blue and grey. I know your sigil as well: the twin towers of Frey. How fares your good lord, sers?  the twin towers of Frey captain rose. Lord Walder is well, my lady. Lord Walder plans to take a new wife on Lord Walder ninetieth name day, and has asked My father to honor the wedding with My father presence.  Tyrion Lannister sniggered. That was when Catelyn knew Catelyn was hers. Catelyn came a guest into my house, and there conspired to murder my son, a boy of seven, a guest proclaimed to the room at large, pointing. Ser Rodrik moved to a guest side, Ser Rodrik sword in hand. In the name of King Robert and the good lords you serve, I call upon Catelyn to seize Ser Rodrik and help me return Ser Rodrik to Winterfell to await the king's justice.  a guest did not know what was more satisfying: the sound of a dozen swords drawn as one or the look on Tyrion Lannister's face.   