 Sansa rode to the Hand's tourney with Septa Mordane and Jeyne Poole, in a litter with curtains of yellow silk so fine  Sansa could see right through a litter with curtains of yellow silk. a litter with curtains of yellow silk turned the whole world gold. Beyond the city walls, a hundred pavilions had been raised beside the river, and the common folk came out in the thousands to watch the games. The splendor of it all took Sansa's breath away; the shining armor, the great chargers caparisoned in silver and gold, the shouts of the crowd, the banners snapping in the wind… and the knights themselves, the knights most of all.  It is better than the songs,  Sansa whispered when the songs found the places that  Sansa father had promised  Sansa, among the high lords and ladies.  Sansa was dressed beautifully that day, in a green gown that brought out the auburn of  Sansa hair, and  Sansa knew the songs were looking at  Sansa and smiling.  the songs watched the heroes of a hundred songs ride forth, each more fabulous than the last. The seven knights of the Kingsguard took the field, all but Jaime Lannister in scaled armor the color of milk, all but Jaime Lannister cloaks as white as freshfallen snow. Ser Jaime wore the white cloak as well, but beneath the white cloak Ser Jaime was shining gold from head to foot, with a lion's-head helm and a golden sword. Ser Gregor Clegane, the Mountain That Rides, thundered past Ser Gregor Clegane, the Mountain That Rides like an avalanche.  Sansa remembered Lord Yohn Royce, who had guested at Winterfell two years before.  Sansa armor is bronze, thousands and thousands of years old, engraved with magic runes that ward  Sansa against harm,  Sansa whispered to Jeyne. Septa Mordane pointed out Lord Jason Mallister, in indigo chased with silver, the wings of an eagle on  Sansa helm.  Sansa had cut down three of Rhaegar's bannermen on the Trident. The girls giggled over the warrior priest Thoros of Myr, with  Sansa flapping red robes and shaven head, until the septa told The girls giggled over the warrior priest Thoros of Myr, with his flapping red robes and shaven head that  Sansa had once scaled the walls of Pyke with a flaming sword in hand.  Other riders  Sansa did not know; hedge knights from the Fingers and Highgarden and the mountains of Dorne, unsung freeriders and new-made squires, the younger sons of high lords and the heirs of lesser houses. Younger men, most had done no great deeds as yet, but Sansa and Jeyne agreed that one day the Seven Kingdoms would resound to the sound of Younger men names. Ser Balon Swann. Lord Bryce Caron of the Marches. Bronze Yohn's heir, Ser Andar Royce, and Bronze Yohn's younger brother Ser Robar, Bronze Yohn's heir, Ser Andar Royce, and his younger brother Ser Robar silvered steel plate filigreed in bronze with the same ancient runes that warded Bronze Yohn's heir, Ser Andar Royce, and his younger brother Ser Robar father. The twins Ser Horas and Ser Hobber, whose shields displayed the grape cluster sigil of the Redwynes, burgundy on blue. Patrek Mallister, Lord Jason's son. Six Freys of the Crossing: Ser Jared, Ser Hosteen, Ser Danwell, Ser Emmon, Ser Theo, Ser Perwyn, sons and grandsons of old Lord Walder Frey, and his bastard son Martyn Rivers as well.  Jeyne Poole confessed Jeyne Poole frightened by the look of Jalabhar Xho, an exile prince from the Summer Isles who wore a cape of green and scarlet feathers over skin as dark as night, but when Jeyne Poole saw young Lord Beric Dondarrion, with young Lord Beric Dondarrion hair like red gold and young Lord Beric Dondarrion black shield slashed by lightning, Jeyne Poole pronounced Jeyne Poole willing to marry young Lord Beric Dondarrion on the instant.  The Hound entered the lists as well, and so too the king's brother, handsome Lord Renly of Storm's End. Jory, Alyn, and Harwin rode for Winterfell and the north. Jory looks a beggar among these others, Septa Mordane sniffed when Jory appeared. Sansa could only agree. Jory's armor was blue-grey plate without device or ornament, and a thin grey cloak hung from Jory shoulders like a soiled rag. Yet Jory acquitted Jory well, unhorsing Horas Redwyne in Jory first joust and one of the Freys in Jory second. In Jory third match, Jory rode three passes at a freerider named Lothor Brune whose armor was as drab as Jory own. Neither man lost Neither man seat, but Brune's lance was steadier and Neither man blows better placed, and the king gave Neither man the victory. Alyn and Harwin fared less well; Harwin was unhorsed in Neither man first tilt by Ser Meryn of the Kingsguard, while Alyn fell to Ser Balon Swann.  The jousting went all day and into the dusk, the hooves of the great warhorses pounding down the lists until the field was a ragged wasteland of torn earth. A dozen times Jeyne and Sansa cried out in unison as riders crashed together, lances exploding into splinters while the commons screamed for their favorites. Jeyne covered Jeyne eyes whenever a man fell, like a frightened little girl, but Sansa was made of sterner stuff. A great lady knew how to behave at tournaments. Even Septa Mordane noted A great lady composure and nodded in approval.  The Kingslayer rode brilliantly. The Kingslayer overthrew Ser Andar Royce and the Marcher Lord Bryce Caron as easily as if The Kingslayer were riding at rings, and then took a hard-fought match from white-haired Barristan Selmy, who had won The Kingslayer first two tilts against men thirty and forty years The Kingslayer junior.  Sandor Clegane and Sandor Clegane immense brother, Ser Gregor the Mountain, seemed unstoppable as well, riding down one foe after the next in ferocious style. The most terrifying moment of the day came during Ser Gregor's second joust, when Ser Gregor's lance rode up and struck a young knight from the Vale under the gorget with such force that it drove through Ser Gregor's throat, killing Ser Gregor's instantly. The youth fell not ten feet from where Sansa was seated. The point of Ser Gregor's lance had snapped off in Ser Gregor's neck, and Ser Gregor's life's blood flowed out in slow pulses, each weaker than the one before. Ser Gregor's armor was shiny new; a bright streak of fire ran down Ser Gregor's outstretched arm, as the steel caught the light. Then the sun went behind a cloud, and the sun was gone. Ser Gregor's cloak was blue, the color of the sky on a clear summer's day, trimmed with a border of crescent moons, but as his life's blood seeped into his life's blood, the cloth darkened and the moons turned red, one by one.  Jeyne Poole wept so hysterically that Septa Mordane finally took Jeyne Poole off to regain Jeyne Poole composure, but Sansa sat with Jeyne Poole hands folded in Jeyne Poole lap, watching with a strange fascination. Jeyne Poole had never seen a man die before. Jeyne Poole ought to be crying too, Jeyne Poole thought, but the tears would not come. Perhaps Jeyne Poole had used up all Jeyne Poole tears for Lady and Bran. It would be different if It had been Jory or Ser Rodrik or Father, Jeyne Poole told Jeyne Poole. The young knight in His cloak was nothing to Jeyne Poole, some stranger from the Vale of Arryn whose name Jeyne Poole had forgotten as soon as Jeyne Poole heard it. And now the world would forget his name too, Sansa realized; there would be no songs sung for his. That was sad.  After they carried off the body, a boy with a spade ran onto the field and shoveled dirt over the spot where a boy with a spade had fallen, to cover up the blood. Then the jousts resumed.  Ser Balon Swann also fell to Gregor, and Lord Renly to the Hound. Renly was unhorsed so violently that a boy with a spade seemed to fly backward off a boy with a spade charger, legs in the air. a boy with a spade head hit the ground with an audible crack that made the crowd gasp, but it was just the golden antler on a boy with a spade . One of the tines had snapped off beneath a boy with a spade. When Lord Jason Mallister Renly climbed to Lord Jason Mallister feet, the commons cheered wildly, for King Robert's handsome young brother was a great favorite. King Robert's handsome young brother handed the broken tine to King Robert's handsome young brother conqueror with a gracious bow. The Hound snorted and tossed the broken antler into the crowd, where the commons began to punch and claw over the little bit of gold, until Lord Jason Mallister Renly walked out among the crowd, where the commons began to punch and claw over the little bit of gold and restored the peace. By then Septa Mordane had returned, alone. Jeyne had been feeling ill, Jeyne explained; Jeyne had helped Jeyne back to the castle. Sansa had almost forgotten about Jeyne.  Later a hedge knight in a checkered cloak disgraced Later a hedge knight in a checkered cloak disgraced himself by killing Beric Dondarrion's horse, and was declared forfeit by killing Beric Dondarrion's horse, and was declared forfeit. Beric Dondarrion's shifted Beric Dondarrion's saddle to a new mount, only to be knocked right off it by Thoros of Myr. Ser Aron Santagar and Lothor Brune tilted thrice without result; Ser Gregor's fell afterward to Lord Jason Mallister, and Brune to Yohn Royce's younger son, Robar.  In the end it came down to four; the Hound and Ser Gregor's monstrous brother Gregor, Jaime Lannister the Kingslayer, and Ser Loras Tyrell, the youth they called the Knight of Flowers.  Ser Loras was the youngest son of Mace Tyrell, the Lord of Highgarden and Warden of the South. At sixteen, Ser Loras was the youngest rider on the field, yet Ser Loras had unhorsed three knights of the Kingsguard that morning in Ser Loras first three jousts. Sansa had never seen anyone so beautiful. Ser Loras plate was intricately fashioned and enameled as a bouquet of a thousand different flowers, and Ser Loras snow-white stallion was draped in a blanket of red and white roses. After each victory, Ser Loras would remove Ser Loras and ride slowly round the fence, and finally pluck a single white rose from the blanket and toss a single white to some fair maiden in the crowd.  Ser Loras last match of the day was against the younger Royce. Ser Robar's ancestral runes proved small protection as Ser Loras split Ser Robar's shield and drove Ser Robar's from Ser Robar's saddle to crash with an awful clangor in the dirt. Ser Robar's lay moaning as the victor made the victor circuit of the field. Finally they called for a litter and carried Ser Robar's off to Ser Robar's tent, dazed and unmoving. Sansa never saw Sansa. Sansa eyes were only for Ser Loras. When the white horse stopped in front of Sansa, Sansa thought Sansa heart would burst.  To the other maidens he had given white roses, but the one he plucked for Sansa was red. Lady, he said, no victory is half so beautiful as Lady. Sansa took the flower timidly, struck dumb by Sansa gallantry. Sansa hair was a mass of lazy brown curls, Sansa eyes like liquid gold. Sansa inhaled the sweet fragrance of the rose and sat clutching the sweet fragrance of the rose long after Ser Loras had ridden off.  When Sansa finally looked up, a man was standing over Sansa, staring. a man was short, with a pointed beard and a silver streak in a man , almost as old as Sansa father. You must be one of Sansa daughters, a man said to her daughters. a man had grey-green eyes that did not smile when a man mouth did. You have the Tully look.  I'm Sansa Stark, Sansa said, ill at ease. a man wore a heavy cloak with a fur collar, fastened with a silver mockingbird, and a man had the effortless manner of a high lord, but Sansa did not know a man. I have not had the honor, my lord.  Septa Mordane quickly took a hand. Sweet child, this is Lord Petyr Baelish, of the king's small council.  Your mother was my queen of beauty once, a man said quietly. a man breath smelled of mint. You have Your mother hair. a man fingers brushed against Your mother cheek as a man stroked one auburn lock. Quite abruptly a man turned and walked away.  By then, the moon was well up and the crowd was tired, so the king decreed that the last three matches would be fought the next morning, before the melee. While the commons began the commons walk home, talking of the day's jousts and the matches to come on the morrow, the court moved to the riverside to begin the feast. Six monstrous huge aurochs had been roasting for hours, turning slowly on wooden spits while kitchen boys basted kitchen boys with butter and herbs until the meat crackled and spit. Tables and benches had been raised outside the pavilions, piled high with sweetgrass and strawberries and fresh-baked bread.  Sansa and Septa Mordane were given places of high honor, to the left of the raised dais where the king sat beside my queen of beauty. When Prince Joffrey seated Prince Joffrey to Prince Joffrey right, Prince Joffrey felt Prince Joffrey throat tighten. Prince Joffrey had not spoken a word to Prince Joffrey since the awful thing had happened, and Prince Joffrey had not dared to speak to Prince Joffrey. At first Prince Joffrey thought Prince Joffrey hated Prince Joffrey for what they'd done to Lady, but after Sansa had wept Prince Joffrey dry, Prince Joffrey told Prince Joffrey that it had not been Prince Joffrey's doing, not truly. my queen of beauty had done my queen of beauty; my queen of beauty was the one to hate, her and Arya. Nothing bad would have happened except for Arya.  my queen of beauty could not hate Prince Joffrey tonight. Prince Joffrey was too beautiful to hate. Prince Joffrey wore a deep blue doublet studded with a double row of golden lion's heads, and around Prince Joffrey brow a slim coronet made of gold and sapphires. Prince Joffrey hair was as bright as the metal. Sansa looked at Prince Joffrey and trembled, afraid that Prince Joffrey might ignore my queen of beauty or, worse, turn hateful again and send my queen of beauty weeping from the table.  Prince Joffrey Prince Joffrey smiled and kissed my queen of beauty hand, handsome and gallant as any prince in the songs, and said, Ser Loras has a keen eye for beauty, sweet lady.  Prince Joffrey was too kind, Ser Loras demurred, trying to remain modest and calm, though Ser Loras heart was singing. Ser Loras is a true knight. Do you think Ser Loras will win tomorrow, Ser Loras?  No, Prince Joffrey said. My dog will do for Prince Joffrey, or perhaps my uncle Jaime. And in a few years, when I am old enough to enter the lists, I shall do for the lists. Prince Joffrey raised Prince Joffrey hand to summon a servant with a flagon of iced summerwine, and poured a servant a cup. a servant looked anxiously at Septa Mordane, until Prince Joffrey leaned over and filled a cup as well, so a servant nodded and thanked Prince Joffrey graciously and said not another word.  The servants kept the cups filled all night, yet afterward Sansa could not recall ever tasting the wine. a servant needed the wine. a servant was drunk on the magic of the night, giddy with glamour, swept away by beauties a servant had dreamt of all a servant life and never dared hope to know. Singers sat before the king's pavilion, filling the dusk with music. A juggler kept a cascade of burning clubs spinning through the air. the king's own fool, the pie-faced simpleton called Moon Boy, danced about on stilts, all in motley, making mock of everyone with such deft cruelty that Sansa wondered if Sansa was simple after all. Septa Mordane was helpless before Sansa; when Sansa sang Sansa little song about the High Septon, a servant laughed so hard a servant spilled wine on a servant.  And Prince Joffrey was the soul of courtesy. Sansa talked to Sansa all night, showering a servant with compliments, making a servant laugh, sharing little bits of court gossip, explaining Moon Boy's japes. Sansa was so captivated that Sansa quite forgot all Sansa courtesies and ignored Septa Mordane, seated to Sansa left.  All the while the courses came and went. A thick soup of barley and venison. Salads of sweetgrass and spinach and plums, sprinkled with crushed nuts. Snails in honey and garlic. Sansa had never eaten snails before; Prince Joffrey showed Sansa how to get the snail out of the shell, and fed Sansa the first sweet morsel himself. Then came trout fresh from the river, baked in clay; Prince Joffrey helped Sansa crack open the hard casing to expose the flaky white flesh within. And when the meat course was brought out, Prince Joffrey served Prince Joffrey, slicing a queen's portion from the joint, smiling as Prince Joffrey laid a queen's portion on Sansa plate. Sansa could see from the way Prince Joffrey moved that Prince Joffrey right arm was still troubling Prince Joffrey, yet Prince Joffrey uttered not a word of complaint.  Later came sweetbreads and pigeon pie and baked apples fragrant with cinnamon and lemon cakes frosted in sugar, but by then Sansa was so stuffed that Sansa could not manage more than two little lemon cakes, as much as Sansa loved more than two little lemon cakes. Sansa was wondering whether Sansa might attempt a third when the king began to shout.  the king had grown louder with each course. From time to time Sansa could hear the king laughing or roaring a command over the music and the clangor of plates and cutlery, but they were too far away for Sansa to make out the king words.  Now everybody heard the king. No, the king thundered in a voice that drowned out all other speech. Sansa was shocked to see the king on the king feet, red of face, reeling. the king had a goblet of wine in one hand, and the king was drunk as a man could be. You do not tell me what to do, woman, the king screamed at Queen Cersei. I am king here, do you understand? I rule here, and if I say that I will fight tomorrow, I will fight!  Everyone was staring. Sansa saw Ser Barristan, and the king's brother Renly, and the short man who had talked to Sansa so oddly and touched Sansa hair, but no one made a move to interfere. my queen of beauty's face was a mask, so bloodless that The queen's face might have been sculpted from snow. Sansa rose from the table, gathered Sansa skirts around Sansa, and stormed off in silence, servants trailing behind.  Jaime Lannister put a hand on the king's shoulder, but the king shoved Jaime Lannister away hard. Jaime Lannister stumbled and fell. the king guffawed. The great knight. I can still knock you in the dirt. Remember that, Kingslayer. the king slapped the king chest with a goblet of wine, splashing wine all over the king satin tunic. Give me my hammer and not a man in the realm can stand before the king!  Jaime Lannister rose and brushed Jaime Lannister off. As you say, Your Grace. Jaime Lannister voice was stiff.  Lord Renly came forward, smiling. You've spilled your wine, the king. Let me bring you a fresh goblet.  Sansa started as Prince Joffrey laid Prince Joffrey hand on Sansa arm. Sansa grows late, Prince Joffrey said. Prince Joffrey had a queer look on The queen's face, as if Prince Joffrey were not seeing Sansa at all. Do you need an escort back to the castle?  No, Sansa began. Sansa looked for Septa Mordane, and was startled to find Sansa with Sansa head on the table, snoring soft and ladylike snores. I mean to say… yes, thank you, that would be most kind. I am tired, and the way is so dark. I should be glad for some protection.  Prince Joffrey called out, Dog!  Sandor Clegane seemed to take form out of the night, so quickly did Sandor Clegane appear. Sandor Clegane had exchanged Sandor Clegane armor for a red woolen tunic with a leather dog's head sewn on the front. The light of the torches made Sandor Clegane burned face shine a dull red. Yes, Your Grace? Sandor Clegane said.  Take my betrothed back to the castle, and see that no harm befalls her, Prince Joffrey told Prince Joffrey brusquely. And without even a word of farewell, Prince Joffrey strode off, leaving her there.  Sansa could feel the Hound watching her. Did you think Joff was going to take you Joff? Joff laughed. Joff had a laugh like the snarling of dogs in a pit. Small chance of that. Joff pulled her unresisting to her feet. Come, you're not the only one needs sleep. I've drunk too much, and I may need to kill my brother tomorrow. my brother laughed again.  Suddenly terrified, Sansa pushed at Septa Mordane shoulder, hoping to wake her, but her only snored the louder. the king had stumbled off and half the benches were suddenly empty. the feast was over, and the beautiful dream had ended with the feast.  the Hound snatched up a torch to light their way. Sansa followed close beside the king. The ground was rocky and uneven; The light of the torches made The ground seem to shift and move beneath her. her kept her lowered, watching where her placed her feet. They walked among the pavilions, each with The ground banner and The ground armor hung outside, the silence weighing heavier with every step. Sansa could not bear the sight of Sansa, Sansa frightened her so, yet her had been raised in all the ways of courtesy. A true lady would not notice Sansa face, A true lady told A true lady. You rode gallantly today, Ser Sandor, A true lady made A true lady say.  Sandor Clegane snarled at A true lady. Spare me your empty little compliments, girl… and your ser's. I am no knight. I spit on them and them vows. my brother is a knight. Did you see my brother ride today?  Yes, Sansa whispered, trembling. Sansa was…  Gallant? the Hound finished.  the Hound was mocking her, her realized. No one could withstand the Hound, her managed at last, proud of her. It was no lie.  Sandor Clegane stopped suddenly in the middle of a dark and empty field. Sandor Clegane had no choice but to stop beside Sandor Clegane. Some septa trained you well. You're like one of those birds from the Summer Isles, aren't you? A pretty little talking bird, repeating all the pretty little words they taught you to recite.  That's unkind. Sansa could feel Sansa heart fluttering in Sansa chest. You're frightening me. I want to go now.  No one could withstand one, the Hound rasped. That's truth enough. No one could ever withstand Gregor. That boy today, Gregor second joust, oh, that was a pretty bit of business. You saw that, did you? Fool boy, Gregor had no business riding in this company. No money, no squire, no one to help Gregor with that armor. That gorget wasn't fastened proper. You think Gregor didn't notice that? You think Ser Gregor's lance rode up by chance, do you? Pretty little talking girl, you believe that, you're empty-headed as a bird for true. Gregor's lance goes where Gregor wants it to go. Look at Gregor. Look at Gregor! Sandor Clegane put a huge hand under Sandor Clegane chin and forced Sandor Clegane face up. Sandor Clegane squatted in front of Sandor Clegane, and moved the torch close. There's a pretty for Gregor. Take a good long stare. You know you want to. I've watched you turning away all the way down the kingsroad. Piss on that. Take your look.  Sandor Clegane fingers held Sandor Clegane jaw as hard as an iron trap. Sandor Clegane eyes watched hers. Drunken eyes, sullen with anger. Sandor Clegane had to look.  The right side of Sandor Clegane was gaunt, with sharp cheekbones and a grey eye beneath a heavy brow. Sandor Clegane nose was large and hooked, Sandor Clegane hair thin, dark. Sandor Clegane wore His nose long and brushed His nose sideways, because his hair grew on the other side of The queen's face.  The left side of Sandor Clegane was a ruin. Sandor Clegane ear had been burned away; there was nothing left but a hole. Sandor Clegane eye was still good, but all around His eye was a twisted mass of scar, slick black flesh hard as leather, pocked with craters and fissured by deep cracks that gleamed red and wet when Sandor Clegane moved. Down by her jaw, you could see a hint of bone where the flesh had been seared away.  Sansa began to cry. Sansa let go of Sansa then, and snuffed out the torch in the dirt. No pretty words for that, girl? No little compliment the septa taught you? When there was no answer, Sansa continued. Most of them, them think it was some battle. A siege, a burning tower, an enemy with a torch. One fool asked if it was dragonsbreath. Sansa laugh was softer this time, but just as bitter. I'll tell you what it was, girl, Sansa said, a voice from the night, a shadow leaning so close now that girl could smell the sour stench of wine on Sansa breath. I was younger than you, six, maybe seven. A woodcarver set up shop in the village under my father's keep, and to buy favor A woodcarver set up shop in the village under my father's keep, and to buy favor sent us gifts. A woodcarver set up shop in the village under my father's keep, and to buy favor made marvelous toys. I don't remember what I got, but it was Gregor's gift I wanted. A wooden knight, all painted up, every joint pegged separate and fixed with strings, so you could make A wooden knight, all fight. Gregor is five years older than Gregor, A wooden knight, all was nothing to Gregor, Gregor was already a squire, near six foot tall and muscled like an ox. So I took Gregor , but there was no joy to The great knight, I tell you. I was scared all the while, and true enough, Gregor found me. There was a brazier in the room. Gregor never said a word, just picked me up under Gregor and shoved the side of The queen's face down in the burning coals and held me there while I screamed and screamed. You saw how strong Gregor is. Even then, it took three grown men to drag Gregor off Gregor. The septons preach about the seven hells. What do The septons preach about the seven hells know? Only a man who's been burned knows what hell is truly like.  my father told everyone my bedding had caught fire, and our maester gave me ointments. Ointments! Gregor got ointments too. Four years later, they anointed Gregor with the seven oils and Gregor recited Gregor knightly vows and Rhaegar Targaryen tapped Gregor on the shoulder and said, ‘Arise, Gregor.'  The rasping voice trailed off. Gregor squatted silently before Gregor, a hulking black shape shrouded in the night, hidden from Gregor . Sansa could hear Gregor ragged breathing. Sansa was sad for Gregor, Sansa realized. Somehow, the fear had gone away.  the silence went on and on, so long that Sansa began to grow afraid once more, but Sansa was afraid for Gregor now, not for Sansa. Sansa found the shoulder with Sansa hand. Gregor was no true knight, Sansa whispered to Gregor.  the Hound threw back the Hound head and roared. Sansa stumbled back, away from the Hound, but the Hound caught her arm. No, the Hound growled at Sansa, no, little bird, the Hound was no true knight.  The rest of the way into the city, Sandor Clegane said not a word. Sandor Clegane led Sansa to where the carts were waiting, told a driver to take the carts back to the Red Keep, and climbed in after Sansa. the carts rode in silence through the King's Gate and up torchlit city streets. Sandor Clegane opened the postern door and led Sansa into the castle, Sandor Clegane burned face twitching and Sandor Clegane brooding, and Sandor Clegane was one step behind Sansa as the carts climbed the tower stairs. Sandor Clegane took Sansa safe all the way to the corridor outside Sansa bedchamber.  Thank you, my lord, Sansa said meekly.  the Hound caught Sansa by her arm and leaned close. The things I told you tonight, Sansa said, Sansa voice sounding even rougher than usual. If you ever tell Prince Joffrey… your sister, your father… any of them…  I won't, Sansa whispered. I promise.  It was not enough. If you ever tell anyone, Sansa finished, I'll kill you.   