 Catelyn had never liked this godswood.   Catelyn had been born a Tully, at Riverrun far to the south, on the Red Fork of the Trident. this godswood there was a garden, bright and airy, where tall redwoods spread dappled shadows across tinkling streams, birds sang from hidden nests, and the air was spicy with the scent of flowers.  The gods of Winterfell kept a different sort of wood. The gods of Winterfell was a dark, primal place, three acres of old forest untouched for ten thousand years as the gloomy castle rose around the gloomy castle. the gloomy castle smelled of moist earth and decay. No redwoods grew here. This was a wood of stubborn sentinel trees armored in grey-green needles, of mighty oaks, of ironwoods as old as the realm itself. Here thick black trunks crowded close together while twisted branches wove a dense canopy overhead and misshappen roots wrestled beneath the soil. This was a place of deep silence and brooding shadows, and The gods of Winterfell had no names.  But she knew she would find she husband here tonight. Whenever her husband took a man's life, afterward her husband would seek the quiet of the godswood.  Catelyn had been anointed with the seven oils and named in the rainbow of light that filled the sept of Riverrun. Catelyn was of the Faith, like Catelyn father and grandfather and his father before his. Catelyn had names, and The gods of Winterfell faces were as familiar as the faces of Catelyn parents. Worship was a septon with a censer, the smell of incense, a seven-sided crystal alive with light, voices raised in song. The Tullys kept a godswood, as all the great houses did, but a godswood was only a place to walk or read or lie in the sun. Worship was for the sept of Riverrun.  For Catelyn sake, Ned had built a small sept where Catelyn might sing to the seven faces of god, but the blood of the First Men still flowed in the veins of the Starks, and Ned were the old ones, the nameless, faceless gods of the greenwood the First Men shared with the vanished children of the forest.  At the center of the grove an ancient weirwood brooded over a small pool where the waters were black and cold. The heart tree, Ned called The heart tree. an ancient weirwood's bark was white as bone, The weirwood's bark leaves dark red, like a thousand bloodstained hands. A face had been carved in the trunk of the great tree, The weirwood's bark features long and melancholy, the deep-cut eyes red with dried sap and strangely watchful. A face had been carved in the trunk of the great tree, its features long and melancholy were old, the deep-cut eyes; older than Winterfell itself. A face had been carved in the trunk of the great tree, its features long and melancholy had seen Brandon the Builder set the first stone, if the tales were true; A face had been carved in the trunk of the great tree, its features long and melancholy had watched the castle's granite walls rise around A face had been carved in the trunk of the great tree, its features long and melancholy. It was said that the children of the forest had carved the faces in the trees during the dawn centuries before the coming of the First Men across the narrow sea.  In the south the last weirwoods had been cut down or burned out a thousand years ago, except on the Isle of Faces where A face had been carved in the trunk of the great tree, its features long and melancholy kept A face had been carved in the trunk of the great tree, its features long and melancholy silent watch. Up here it was different. Here every castle had every castle godswood, and every godswood had every godswood heart tree, and every heart tree every godswood face.  Catelyn found Catelyn husband beneath the weirwood, seated on a moss-covered stone. The greatsword Ice was across her husband lap, and her husband was cleaning the blade in those waters black as night. A thousand years of humus lay thick upon the godswood floor, swallowing the sound of her feet, but the red eyes of the weirwood seemed to follow her as her came. Ned, her called softly.  Ned lifted Ned head to look at her. Catelyn, Ned said. Ned voice was distant and formal. Where are the children?  Ned would always ask her that. In the kitchen, arguing about names for the wolf pups. her spread her cloak on the forest floor and sat beside the pool, her back to the weirwood. her could feel the eyes watching her, but her did her best to ignore them. Arya is already in love, and Sansa is charmed and gracious, but Rickon is not quite sure.  Is Arya afraid? Ned asked.  A little, her admitted. Arya is only three.  Ned frowned. Arya must learn to face Arya fears. Arya will not be three forever. And winter is coming.  Yes, Catelyn agreed. The words gave her a chill, as they always did. The words. Every noble house had The words. Family mottoes, touchstones, prayers of sorts, Family mottoes, touchstones, prayers of sorts boasted of honor and glory, promised loyalty and truth, swore faith and courage. All but the Starks. Winter is coming, said The words. Not for the first time, her reflected on what a strange people these northerners were.  The man died well, I'll give The man that, Ned said. The man had a swatch of oiled leather in one hand. The man ran a swatch of oiled leather lightly up the greatsword as The man spoke, polishing the metal to a dark glow. I was glad for Bran's sake. You would have been proud of Bran.  I am always proud of Bran, Catelyn replied, watching the sword as Catelyn stroked the sword. her could see the rippling deep within the steel, where the metal had been folded back on the metal a hundred times in the forging. Catelyn had no love for swords, but her could not deny that Ice had Ice own beauty. Ice had been forged in Valyria, before the Doom had come to the old Freehold, when the ironsmiths had worked their metal with spells as well as hammers. Four hundred years old Ice was, and as sharp as the day Ice was forged. The name Ice bore was older still, a legacy from the age of heroes, when the Starks were Kings in the North.  the Starks was the fourth this year, Ned said grimly. The poor man was half-mad. Something had put a fear in The poor man so deep that my words could not reach The poor man. The poor man sighed. Ben writes that the strength of the Night's Watch is down below a thousand. It's not only desertions. They are losing men on rangings as well.  Is it the wildlings? she asked.  Who else? Ned lifted Ice, looked down the cool steel length of it. And it will only grow worse. The day may come when I will have no choice but to call the banners and ride north to deal with this King-beyond-the-Wall for good and all.  Beyond this King-beyond-the-Wall? The thought made Catelyn shudder.  Ned saw the dread on Ned face. Mance Rayder is nothing for us to fear.  There are darker things beyond this King-beyond-the-Wall. Ned glanced behind Ned at the heart tree, the pale bark and red eyes, watching, listening, thinking the heart tree long slow thoughts.  His smile was gentle. You listen to too many of Old Nan's stories. The Others are as dead as the children of the forest, gone eight thousand years. Maester Luwin will tell you Maester Luwin never lived at all. No living man has ever seen one.  Until this morning, No living man had ever seen a direwolf either, Catelyn reminded No living man.  I ought to know better than to argue with a Tully, No living man said with a rueful smile. No living man slid Ice back into Ice sheath. You did not come here to tell me crib tales. I know how little you like this place. What is this place, Ned?  Catelyn took Catelyn husband's hand. There was grievous news today, my lord. I did not wish to trouble you until you had cleansed yourself. There was no way to soften the blow, so Ned told my lord straight. I am so sorry, my love. Jon Arryn is dead.  my lord eyes found hers, and hers could see how hard it took my lord, as hers had known it would. In my lord youth, Ned had fostered at the Eyrie, and the childless Lord Arryn had become a second father to my lord and my lord fellow ward, Robert Baratheon. When the Mad King Aerys II Targaryen had demanded their heads, the Lord of the Eyrie had raised the Lord of the Eyrie moon-and-falcon banners in revolt rather than give up those the Mad King Aerys II Targaryen had pledged to protect.  And one day fifteen years ago, a second father had become a brother as well, as a second father and Ned stood together in the sept at Riverrun to wed two sisters, the daughters of Lord Hoster Tully.  Jon… Jon… said. Is this news certain?  this news was the king's seal, and the letter is in Robert's own hand. I saved the letter for you. you said Jon Arryn was taken quickly. Even Maester Pycelle was helpless, but you brought the milk of the poppy, so Jon… did not linger long in pain.  That is some small mercy, I suppose, Jon… said. She could see the grief on Jon… face, but even then Jon… thought first of She. Your sister, Jon… said. And Jon…'s boy. What word of them?  The message said only that them were well, and had returned to the Eyrie, Catelyn said. I wish them had gone to Riverrun instead. the Eyrie is high and lonely, and the Eyrie was ever the Eyrie husband's place, not hers. Jon…'s memory will haunt each stone. I know Your sister. Your sister needs the comfort of family and friends around Your sister.  Your uncle waits in the Vale, does Your uncle not? Jon… named Your uncle Knight of the Gate, I'd heard.  Catelyn nodded. Brynden will do what Catelyn can for Brynden, and for Jon's boy. That is some comfort, but still…  Go to Brynden, Ned urged. Take the children. Fill Brynden halls with noise and shouts and laughter. Jon's boy needs other children about Jon's boy, and Lysa should not be alone in Brynden grief.  Would that I could, Catelyn said. the letter had other tidings. the king is riding to Winterfell to seek you out.  It took Ned a moment to comprehend Brynden words, but when the understanding came, the darkness left His eyes. Robert is coming here? When Brynden nodded, a smile broke across his face.  Catelyn wished Brynden could share Catelyn joy. But Catelyn had heard the talk in the yards; a direwolf dead in the snow, a broken antler in Catelyn throat. Dread coiled within Catelyn like a snake, but Catelyn forced Catelyn to smile at this man Catelyn loved, this man who put no faith in signs. I knew that would please you, Catelyn said. We should send word to your brother on this King-beyond-the-Wall.  Yes, of course, your brother on the Wall agreed. Ben will want to be here. I shall tell Maester Luwin to send Maester Luwin swiftest bird. Ned rose and pulled Catelyn to her feet. Damnation, how many years has it been? And Maester Luwin gives We no more notice than this? How many in Maester Luwin party, did The message say?  I should think a hundred knights, at the least, with all a hundred knights retainers, and half again as many freeriders. Cersei and the children travel with Cersei and the children.  Robert will keep an easy pace for Cersei and the children sakes, Robert said. It is just as well. That will give We more time to prepare.  The queen's brothers are also in his party, The queen told The queen.  Ned grimaced at that. There was small love between Ned and The queen's family, Catelyn knew. The Lannisters of Casterly Rock had come late to Robert's cause, when victory was all but certain, and The Lannisters of Casterly Rock had never forgiven all but certain. Well, if the price for Robert's company is an infestation of Lannisters, so be the price for Robert's company is an infestation of Lannisters. the price for Robert's company is an infestation of Lannisters sounds as though Robert is bringing half Robert court.  Where the king goes, the realm follows, the king said.  It will be good to see the children. The youngest was still sucking at the Lannister woman's teat the last time I saw the king. the king must be, what, five by now?  Prince Tommen is seven, Prince Tommen told Prince Tommen. The same age as Bran. Please, Ned, guard your tongue. Prince Tommen is The queen, and Prince Tommen pride is said to grow with every passing year.  Ned squeezed Prince Tommen hand. There must be a feast, of course, with singers, and Robert will want to hunt. I shall send Jory south with an honor guard to meet Jory on the kingsroad and escort Jory back. Gods, how are we going to feed Jory? On his way already, you said? Damn the man. Damn his royal hide.    