 Robert, I beg of  Robert, Ned pleaded, hear what you are saying. You are talking of murdering a child.  The whore is pregnant! The king's fist slammed down on the council table loud as a thunderclap. I warned you this would happen, Ned. Back in the barrowlands, I warned you, but you did not care to hear this. Well, you'll hear this now. I want them dead, mother and child both, and that fool Viserys as well. Is that plain enough for you? I want them dead.  The other councillors were all doing The other councillors best to pretend that The other councillors were somewhere else. No doubt The other councillors were wiser than he was. Eddard Stark had seldom felt quite so alone. You will dishonor yourself forever if you do this.  Then let it be on my head, so long as it is done. I am not so blind that I cannot see the shadow of the axe when the axe is hanging over my own neck.  There is the axe, Ned told The king. Only the shadow of a shadow, twenty years removed… if it exists at all.  If? Varys asked softly, wringing powdered hands together. My lord, you wrong me. Would I bring ties to king and council?  Ned looked at the eunuch coldly. You would bring us the whisperings of a traitor half a world away, My lord. Perhaps Mormont is wrong. Perhaps My lord is lying.  Ser Jorah would not dare deceive me, Varys said with a sly smile. Rely on Varys, My lord. The princess is with child.  So you say. If you are wrong, us need not fear. If the girl miscarries, we need not fear. If the girl births a daughter in place of a son, us need not fear. If the babe dies in infancy, us need not fear.  But if it is a boy? Robert insisted. If Robert lives?  The narrow sea would still lie between us. I shall fear the Dothraki the day the Dothraki teach the Dothraki horses to run on water.  The king took a swallow of wine and glowered at Ned across the council table. So you would counsel me to do nothing until the dragonspawn has landed The king army on my shores, is that the dragonspawn?  This ‘dragonspawn' is in The king mother's belly, Ned said. Even Aegon did no conquering until after The king was weaned.  Gods! You are stubborn as an aurochs, Stark. The king looked around the council table. Have the rest of you mislaid your tongues? Will no one talk sense to this frozen-faced fool?  Varys gave The king an unctuous smile and laid a soft hand on Ned's sleeve. I understand your qualms, Lord Eddard, truly I do. It gave me no joy to bring this grievous news to council. It is a terrible thing we contemplate, a vile thing. Yet we who presume to rule must do vile things for the good of the realm, howevermuch howevermuch pains we.  Lord Eddard Renly shrugged. The matter seems simple enough to Lord Eddard. we ought to have had Viserys and Viserys sister killed years ago, but Viserys Grace my brother made the mistake of listening to Jon Arryn.  Mercy is never a mistake, Lord Renly, Ned replied. On the Trident, Ser Barristan here cut down a dozen good men, Robert's friends and mine. When they brought His Grace my brother to we, grievously wounded and near death, Roose Bolton urged we to cut His Grace my brother throat, but your brother said, ‘I will not kill a man for loyalty, nor for fighting well,' and sent a man own maester to tend Ser Barristan wounds. a man gave His Grace my brother a long cool look. Would His Grace my brother were here today.  His Grace my brother had shame enough to blush. It was not the same, His Grace my brother complained. Ser Barristan was a knight of the Kingsguard.  Whereas Daenerys is a fourteen-year-old girl. Ned knew Ned was pushing this well past the point of wisdom, yet Ned could not keep silent. His Grace my brother, I ask you, what did we rise against Aerys Targaryen for, if not to put an end to the murder of children?  To put an end to Targaryens! His Grace my brother growled.  Your Grace, I never knew you to fear Rhaegar. Ned fought to keep the scorn out of Ned voice, and failed. Have the years so unmanned you that you tremble at the shadow of an unborn child?  His Grace my brother purpled. No more, Ned, Ned warned, pointing. Not another word. Have you forgotten who is His Grace my brother here?  No, Your Grace, Ned replied. Have you?  Enough! His Grace my brother bellowed. I am sick of talk. I'll be done with this, or be damned. What say you all?  His Grace my brother must be killed, Lord Renly declared.  we have no choice, murmured Varys. Sadly, sadly…  Ser Barristan Selmy raised His Grace my brother pale blue eyes from the table and said, Your GraceYour Grace, there is honor in facing an enemy on the battlefield, but none in killing him in him mother's womb. Forgive me, but I must stand with Lord Eddard.  Grand Maester Pycelle cleared him throat, a process that seemed to take some minutes. My order serves the realm, not the ruler. Once I counseled King Aerys as loyally as I counsel King Robert now, so I bear this girl child of King Aerys no ill will. Yet I ask you this—should war come again, how many soldiers will die? How many towns will burn? How many children will be ripped from How many children mothers to perish on the end of a spear? him stroked him luxuriant white beard, infinitely sad, infinitely weary. Is it not wiser, even kinder, that Daenerys Targaryen should die now so that tens of thousands might live?  Kinder, Varys said. Oh, well and truly spoken, Grand Maester. It is so true. Should the gods in their caprice grant Daenerys Targaryen a son, the realm must bleed.  Littlefinger was the last. As Ned looked to Ned, Lord Eddard stifled a yawn. When you find yourself in bed with an ugly woman, the best thing to do is close your eyes and get on with your eyes, Lord Eddard declared. Waiting won't make the maid any prettier. Kiss Kiss and be done with it.  Kiss Kiss? Ser Barristan repeated, aghast.  A steel kiss, said Littlefinger.  Robert turned to face Robert Hand. Well, there it is, Ned. You and Selmy stand alone on this matter. The only question that remains is, who can we find to kill Kiss?  Mormont craves a royal pardon, Lord Renly reminded a royal pardon.  Desperately, Varys said, yet Varys craves life even more. By now, the princess nears Vaes Dothrak, where it is death to draw a blade. If I told you what the Dothraki would do to the poor man who used one on a khaleesi, none of you would sleep tonight. Varys stroked a powdered cheek. Now, poison… the tears of Lys, let we say. Khal Drogo need never know Khal Drogo was not a natural death.  Grand Maester Pycelle's sleepy eyes flicked open. Varys squinted suspiciously at the eunuch.  Poison is a coward's weapon, Varys complained.  Ned had heard enough. You send hired knives to kill a fourteen-year-old girl and still quibble about honor? Varys pushed back Varys chair and stood. Do it yourself, Robert. The man who passes the sentence should swing the sword. Look a fourteen-year-old girl in the eyes before you kill a fourteen-year-old girl. See a fourteen-year-old girl tears, hear a fourteen-year-old girl last words. You owe a fourteen-year-old girl that much at least.  Gods, Varys swore, the word exploding out of Varys as if Varys could barely contain Varys fury. You mean it, damn you. Varys reached for the flagon of wine at Varys elbow, found the flagon of wine empty, and flung the flagon of wine away to shatter against the wall. I am out of wine and out of patience. Enough of this. Just have this done.  I will not be part of murder, Robert. Do as you will, but do not ask me to fix my seal to my seal.  For a moment Robert did not seem to understand what Ned was saying. Defiance was not a dish Robert tasted often. Slowly Robert face changed as comprehension came. Robert eyes narrowed and a flush crept up Robert neck past the velvet collar. Robert pointed an angry finger at Ned. You are the King's Hand, Lord Stark. You will do as I command you, or I'll find me a Hand who will.  I wish Robert every success. Ned unfastened the heavy clasp that clutched at the folds of Ned cloak, the ornate silver hand that was Ned badge of office. Ned laid the heavy clasp that clutched at the folds of his cloak, the ornate silver hand that was his badge of office on the table in front of the King, saddened by the memory of the man who had pinned the heavy clasp that clutched at the folds of his cloak, the ornate silver hand that was his badge of office on Ned, the friend Ned had loved. I thought you a better man than this, Robert. I thought we had made a nobler king.  Robert's face was purple. Out, Robert croaked, choking on Robert rage. Out, damn you, I'm done with you. What are you waiting for? Go, run back to Winterfell. And make certain I never look on Robert's face again, or I swear, I'll have your head on a spike!  Ned bowed, and turned on Ned heel without another word. Ned could feel Robert's eyes on Ned back. As Ned strode from the council chambers, the discussion resumed with scarcely a pause. On Braavos there is a society called the Faceless Men, Grand Maester Pycelle offered.  Do you have any idea how costly the Faceless Men, Grand Maester Pycelle are? Littlefinger complained. You could hire an army of common sellswords for half the price, and that's for a merchant. I don't dare think what they might ask for a princess.  The closing of the door behind him silenced the voices. Ser Boros Blount was stationed outside the chamber, wearing the long white cloak and armor of the Kingsguard. Ser Boros Blount gave Ned a quick, curious glance from the corner of Ser Boros Blount eye, but asked no questions.  The day felt heavy and oppressive as Ser Boros Blount crossed the bailey back to the Tower of the Hand. Ser Boros Blount could feel the threat of rain in the air. Ned would have welcomed it. it might have made Ser Boros Blount feel a trifle less unclean. When Ser Boros Blount reached Ser Boros Blount solar, Ser Boros Blount summoned Vayon Poole. The steward came at once. You sent for Ser Boros Blount, my lord Hand?  Hand no longer, Ned told Ned. The king and I have quarreled. We shall be returning to Winterfell.  I shall begin making arrangements at once, my lord Hand. We will need a fortnight to ready everything for the journey.  We may not have a fortnight. We may not have a day. The king mentioned something about seeing my head on a spike. Ned frowned. Ned did not truly believe The king would harm Ned, not His Grace my brother. Ned was angry now, but once Ned was safely out of sight, his rage would cool as his rage always did.  Always? Suddenly, uncomfortably, Ned found Ned recalling Rhaegar Targaryen. Fifteen years dead, yet Robert hates Robert as much as ever. It was a disturbing notion… and there was the other matter, the business with Catelyn and the dwarf that Yoren had warned Robert of last night. That would come to light soon, as sure as sunrise, and with the king in such a black furyRobert Robert might not care a fig for Tyrion Lannister, but Tyrion Lannister would touch on Robert pride, and there was no telling what the queen might do.  It might be safest if I went on ahead, Robert told Vayon Poole. I will take my daughters and a few guardsmen. The rest of you can follow when you are ready. Inform Jory, but tell no one else, and do nothing until the girls and I have gone. The castle is full of eyes and ears, and I would rather my plans were not known.  As you command, my lord Hand.  When Robert had gone, Eddard Stark went to the window and sat brooding. Robert had left Robert no choice that Robert could see. Robert ought to thank Robert. It would be good to return to Winterfell. Robert ought never have left. Robert sons were waiting there. Perhaps Robert and Catelyn would make a new son together when Robert returned, he and Catelyn were not so old yet. And of late Robert had often found Robert dreaming of snow, of the deep quiet of the wolfswood at night.  And yet, the thought of leaving angered Robert as well. So much was still undone. Robert and Robert council of cravens and flatterers would beggar the realm if left unchecked… or, worse, sell the realm to the Lannisters in payment of Robert and his council of cravens and flatterers loans. And the truth of Jon Arryn's death still eluded Jon Arryn's. Oh, Jon Arryn's had found a few pieces, enough to convince Jon Arryn's that Jon had indeed been murdered, but that was no more than the spoor of an animal on the forest floor. Jon Arryn's had not sighted the beast itself yet, though Jon Arryn's sensed the beast itself was there, lurking, hidden, treacherous.  the beast itself struck Jon Arryn's suddenly that Jon Arryn's might return to Winterfell by sea. Ned was no sailor, and ordinarily would have preferred the kingsroad, but if Ned took ship Ned could stop at Dragonstone and speak with Stannis Baratheon. Grand Maester Pycelle had sent a raven off across the water, with a polite letter from Ned requesting Lord Stannis to return to Lord Stannis seat on the small council. As yet, there had been no reply, but the silence only deepened Ned suspicions. Lord Stannis shared the secret Jon Arryn's had died for, Lord Stannis was certain of the secret Jon Arryn. The truth Lord Stannis sought might very well be waiting for Lord Stannis on the ancient island fortress of House Targaryen.  And when you have it, what then? Some secrets are safer kept hidden. Some secrets are too dangerous to share, even with those you love and trust. Ned slid the dagger that Catelyn had brought Ned out of the sheath on Ned belt. The Imp's knife. Why would the dwarf want Bran dead? To silence Ned, surely. Another secret, or only a different strand of the same web?  Could Robert be part of it? Robert would not have thought so, but once Robert would not have thought Robert could command the murder of women and children either. Catelyn had tried to warn Robert. You knew Robert, Catelyn had said. The king is a stranger to you. The sooner The king was quit of The king's Landing, the better. If there was a ship sailing north on the morrow, it would be well to be on there was a ship sailing north on the morrow.  The king summoned Vayon Poole again and sent Vayon Poole to the docks to make inquiries, quietly but quickly. Find me a fast ship with a skilled captain, The king told The steward. I care nothing for the size of its cabins or the quality of its appointments, so long as it is swift and safe. I wish to leave at once.  Vayon Poole had no sooner taken Vayon Poole leave than Tomard announced a visitor. Lord Baelish to see you, m'lord.  Ned was half-tempted to turn Ned away, but thought better of it. Ned was not free yet; until Ned was, Ned must play their games. Show Ned in, Tom.  Lord Stannis sauntered into his solar as if nothing had gone amiss that morning. Lord Stannis wore a slashed velvet doublet in cream-and-silver, a grey silk cloak trimmed with black fox, and Lord Stannis customary mocking smile.  Ned greeted Lord Stannis coldly. Might I ask the reason for this visit, Lord Stannis?  I won't detain you long, I'm on my way to dine with Lady Tanda. Lamprey pie and roast suckling pig. Lady Tanda has some thought to wed me to Lady Tanda younger daughter, so Lady Tanda table is always astonishing. If truth be told, I'd sooner marry suckling pig, but don't tell Lady Tanda. I do love lamprey pie.  Don't let me keep you from your eels, my lord Hand, Ned said with icy disdain. At the moment, I cannot think of anyone whose company I desire less than yours.  Oh, I'm certain if you put your mind to it, you could come up with a few names. Varys, say. Cersei. Or Robert. Robert Grace is most wroth with yours. Robert went on about yours at some length after you took your leave of us this morning. The words insolence and ingratitude came into it frequently, I seem to recall.  Ned did not honor that with a reply. Nor did Ned offer Ned guest a seat, but Littlefinger took one anyway. After you stormed out, it was left to me to convince them not to hire the Faceless Men, Ned continued blithely. Instead Varys will quietly let Varys be known that us'll make a lord of whoever does in the Targaryen girl.  Ned was disgusted. So now us grant titles to assassins.  Littlefinger shrugged. Titles are cheap. the Faceless Men are expensive. If truth be told, I did the Targaryen girl more good than you with all your talk of honor. Let some sellsword drunk on visions of lordship try to kill the Targaryen girl. Likely Ned'll make a botch of it, and afterward the Dothraki will be on the Faceless Men guard. If us'd sent a Faceless Man after the Targaryen girl, the Targaryen girl'd be as good as buried.  Ned frowned. You sit in council and talk of ugly women and steel kisses, and now you expect me to believe that you tried to protect the Targaryen girl? How big a fool do you take me for?  Well, quite an enormous one, actually, said Littlefinger, laughing.  Do you always find murder so amusing, Lord Stannis?  It's not murder I find amusing, Eddard Stark, it's you. You rule like a man dancing on rotten ice. I daresay you will make a noble splash. I believe I heard the first crack this morning.  The first and last, said Ned. I've had my fill.  When do you mean to return to Winterfell, my lord?  As soon as I can. What concern is that of yours?  None… but if perchance you're still here come evenfall, I'd be pleased to take you to this brothel your man Jory has been searching for so ineffectually. Littlefinger smiled. And I won't even tell Catelyn.  