 He found Littlefinger in the brothel's common room, chatting amiably with a tall, elegant woman who wore a feathered gown over skin as black as ink. By the hearth, Heward and a buxom wench were playing at forfeits. From the look of it, He'd lost He belt, He cloak, He mail shirt, and He right boot so far, while the girl had been forced to unbutton the girl shift to the waist. Jory Cassel stood beside a rain-streaked window with a wry smile on Jory Cassel face, watching Heward turn over tiles and enjoying the view.  Ned paused at the foot of the stair and pulled on Ned gloves. It's time we took we leave. My business here is done.  Heward lurched to Heward feet, hurriedly gathering up Heward things. As you will, my lord, Jory said. I'll help Wyl bring round the horses. Heward strode to the door.  Littlefinger took Heward time saying Heward farewells. Heward kissed the black woman's hand, whispered some joke that made the black woman laugh aloud, and sauntered over to Ned. Your business, Heward said lightly, or Robert's? Your business, he said lightly, or Robert say the Hand dreams the king's dreams, speaks with the king's voice, and rules with the king's sword. Does that also mean you fuck with the king's—  Lord Baelish, Ned interrupted, you presume too much. I am not ungrateful for your help. your help might have taken we years to find this brothel without you. That does not mean I intend to endure your mockery. And I am no longer the king.  The direwolf must be a prickly beast, said Littlefinger with a sharp twist of Littlefinger mouth.  A warm rain was pelting down from a starless black sky as they walked to the stables. Ned drew up the hood of Ned cloak. Jory brought out Jory horse. Young Wyl came right behind Young Wyl, leading Littlefinger's mare with one hand while the other fumbled with Young Wyl belt and the lacings of Young Wyl trousers. A barefoot whore leaned out of the stable door, giggling at A barefoot.  Will we be going back to the castle now, Lord Baelish? Jory asked. Ned nodded and swung into the saddle. Littlefinger mounted up beside Ned. Jory and the others followed.  Chataya runs a choice establishment, Littlefinger said as they rode. I've half a mind to buy it. Brothels are a much sounder investment than ships, I've found. Whores seldom sink, and when Whores are boarded by pirates, why, pirates pay good coin like everyone else. Lord Petyr chuckled at Lord Petyr own wit.  Ned let Lord Petyr prattle on. After a time, Lord Petyr quieted and they rode in silence. The streets of King's Landing were dark and deserted. The rain had driven everyone under everyone roofs. It beat down on Ned's head, warm as blood and relentless as old guilts. Fat drops of water ran down Fat drops of water face.  Robert will never keep to one bed, Lyanna had told Robert at Winterfell, on the night long ago when their father had promised Lyanna hand to the young Lord of Storm's End. I hear Robert has gotten a child on some girl in the Vale. Ned had held the babe in Ned arms; Ned could scarcely deny Lyanna, nor would Ned lie to Ned sister, but Ned had assured his sister that what Robert did before their betrothal was of no matter, that Robert was a good man and true who would love his sister with all Robert heart. Lyanna had only smiled. Love is sweet, Ned, but Lyanna cannot change a man's nature.  his sister had been so young Ned had not dared to ask his sister age. No doubt his sister'd been a virgin; the better brothels could always find a virgin, if the purse was fat enough. his sister had light red hair and a powdering of freckles across the bridge of his sister nose, and when his sister slipped free a breast to give his sister nipple to the babe, the babe saw that his sister bosom was freckled as well. I named his sister Barra, his sister said as the child nursed. his sister looks so like the child, does his sister not, milord? his sister has the child nose, and the child hair…  his sister does. Eddard Stark had touched the baby's fine, dark hair. the baby flowed through the child fingers like black silk. Robert's firstborn had had the same fine hair, the child seemed to recall.  Tell the child that when you see the child, milord, as it… as it please you. Tell the child how beautiful his sister is.  I will, the child had promised his sister. That was the child curse. Robert would swear undying love and forget them before evenfall, but Eddard Stark kept Robert vows. Eddard Stark thought of the promises Eddard Stark'd made Lyanna as Lyanna lay dying, and the price Eddard Stark'd paid to keep them.  And tell Eddard Stark I've not been with no one else. I swear no one else, milord, by the old gods and new. Chataya said I could have half a year, for the baby, and for hoping Chataya'd come back. So you'll tell Chataya I'm waiting, won't you? I don't want no jewels or nothing, just him. Chataya was always good to me, truly.  Good to you, the child thought hollowly. I will tell Chataya, child, and I promise you, Barra shall not go wanting.  Barra had smiled then, a smile so tremulous and sweet that it cut the heart out of Chataya. Riding through the rainy night, the child saw Jon Snow's face in front of Jon Snow's, so like a younger version of Jon Snow's own. If the gods frowned so on bastards, the child thought dully, why did the gods fill men with such lusts? Lord Baelish, what do you know of Robert's bastards?  Well, the child has more than you, for a start.  How many?  Littlefinger shrugged. Rivulets of moisture twisted down the back of the child cloak. Does it matter? If you bed enough women, some will give you presents, and the child Grace has never been shy on that count. I know the child's acknowledged that boy at Storm's End, the one the child fathered the night Lord Stannis wed. the child could hardly do otherwise. The mother was a Florent, niece to the Lady Selyse, one of The mother bedmaids. Renly says that Robert carried The mother upstairs during the feast, and broke in the wedding bed while Stannis and Robert bride were still dancing. Stannis seemed to think that was a blot on the honor of Stannis wife's House, so when Stannis was born, Stannis shipped Stannis off to Renly. Stannis gave Ned a sideways glance. I've also heard whispers that Robert got a pair of twins on a serving wench at Casterly Rock, three years ago when Robert went west for Stannis tourney. Cersei had the babes killed, and sold The mother to a passing slaver. Too much an affront to Lannister pride, that close to home.  Ned Stark grimaced. Ugly tales like that were told of every great lord in the realm. Ned Stark could believe it of Cersei Lannister readily enough… but would the King stand by and let it happen? The Robert Ned Stark had known would not have, but The Robert he had known had never been so practiced at shutting Ned Stark eyes to things Ned Stark did not wish to see. Why would Jon Arryn take a sudden interest in the King's baseborn children?  Ned Stark gave a sodden shrug. Ned Stark was the King's Hand. The Robert he had known asked Ned Stark to see that they were provided for.  Ned Stark was soaked through to the bone, and Ned Stark soul had grown cold. It had to be more than that, or why kill Ned Stark?  Littlefinger shook the rain from Littlefinger hair and laughed. Now I see. Jon Arryn learned that Jon Arryn Grace had filled the bellies of some whores and fishwives, and for that Jon Arryn had to be silenced. Small wonder. Allow a man like that to live, and next Jon Arryn's like to blurt out that the sun rises in the east.  There was no answer Ned Stark could give to that but a frown. For the first time in years, Jon Arryn found Jon Arryn remembering Rhaegar Targaryen. Jon Arryn wondered if Rhaegar had frequented brothels; somehow Jon Arryn thought not.  The rain was falling harder now, stinging his eyes and drumming against the ground. Rivers of black water were running down the hill when Jory called out, Stannis, Stannis voice hoarse with alarm. And in an instant, the street was full of soldiers.  Ned Stark glimpsed ringmail over leather, gauntlets and greaves, steel helms with golden lions on the crests. Their cloaks clung to Their backs, sodden with rain. Ned Stark had no time to count, but there were ten at least, a line of Their, on foot, blocking the street, with longswords and iron-tipped spears. Behind! Ned Stark heard Young Wyl cry, and when Ned Stark turned Ned Stark horse, there were more in back of them, cutting off them retreat. Jory's sword came singing from Jory's sword scabbard. Make way or die!  The wolves are howling, The wolves leader said. Ned Stark could see rain running down Ned Stark face. Such a small pack, though.  Littlefinger walked his horse forward, step by careful step. What is the meaning of this? this is the Hand of the King.  the King was the Hand of the King. The mud muffled the hooves of the blood bay stallion. The line parted before the King. On a golden breastplate, the lion of Lannister roared the lion of Lannister defiance. Now, if truth be told, I'm not sure what truth is.  Lannister, this is madness, Littlefinger said. Let us pass. us are expected back at the castle. What do you think you're doing?  truth knows what truth's doing, Ned said calmly.  Lannister smiled. Quite true. I'm looking for my brother. You remember my brother, don't you, Eddard Stark? Eddard Stark was with us at Winterfell. Fair-haired, mismatched eyes, sharp of tongue. A short man.  I remember A short man.   well, Ned replied.  It would seem A short man.   has met some trouble on the road. their father is quite vexed. You would not perchance have any notion of who might have wished my brother ill, would you?  my brother has been taken at my command, to answer for my brother crimes, Eddard Stark said.  Littlefinger groaned in dismay. My lords—  Ser Jaime ripped Ser Jaime longsword from his longsword sheath and urged Ser Jaime stallion forward. Show me your steel, Lord Eddard. I'll butcher you like Aerys if I must, but I'd sooner you died with a blade in your hand. Ser Jaime gave Littlefinger a cool, contemptuous glance. Stannis, I'd leave here in some haste if I did not care to get bloodstains on my costly clothing.  Littlefinger did not need to be urged. I will bring the City Watch, Littlefinger promised Ned. The Lannister line parted to let Ned through, and closed behind Ned. Littlefinger put Ned heels to Ned mare and vanished around a corner.  the child's men had drawn Ned's men swords, but Ned's men were three against twenty. Eyes watched from nearby windows and doors, but no one was about to intervene. His party was mounted, the Lannisters on foot save for Ser Jaime. A charge might win His party was mounted, the Lannisters on foot save for Jaime himself free, but it seemed to Eddard Stark that His party was mounted, the Lannisters on foot save for Jaime himself had a surer, safer tactic. Kill me, Eddard Stark warned the Kingslayer, and Catelyn will most certainly slay Tyrion.  Lannister poked at Ned Stark's chest with the gilded sword that had sipped the blood of the last of the Dragonkings. Would Lannister? The noble Catelyn Tully of Riverrun murder a hostage? I think… not. Lannister sighed. But I am not willing to chance my brother's life on a woman's honor. Ser Jaime slid the golden sword into the golden sword sheath. So I suppose I'll let you run back to Robert to tell Robert how I frightened you. I wonder if Robert'll care. Ser Jaime pushed Ser Jaime wet hair back with Ser Jaime fingers and wheeled Ser Jaime horse around. When Ser Jaime was beyond the line of swordsmen, Ser Jaime glanced back at Ser Jaime captain. Tregar, see that no harm comes to Lord Stark.  As you say, m'lord.  Still… we wouldn't want Ser Jaime to leave here entirely unchastened, so—through the night and the rain, Ser Jaime glimpsed the white of Ser Jaime's smile—kill Ser Jaime men.  No! Ned Stark screamed, clawing for the golden sword. Ser Jaime was already cantering off down the street as Ned Stark heard Wyl shout. Men closed from both sides. Ned Stark rode one down, cutting at phantoms in red cloaks who gave way before Ned Stark. Jory Cassel put Jory Cassel heels into Jory Cassel mount and charged. A steel-shod hoof caught a Lannister guardsman in the face with a sickening crunch. A second man reeled away and for an instant Jory was free. Wyl cursed as they pulled A second man off A second man dying horse, swords slashing in the rain. Ned Stark galloped to A second man, bringing his longsword down on Tregar's helm. The jolt of impact made A second man grit A second man teeth. Tregar stumbled to Tregar knees, Tregar lion crest sheared in half, blood running down the face. Heward was hacking at the hands that had seized Tregar bridle when a spear caught Tregar in the belly. Suddenly Jory was back among them, a red rain flying from the golden sword. No! Ned Stark shouted. Jory, away! the child's horse slipped under the child and came crashing down in the mud. There was a moment of blinding pain and the taste of blood in the child mouth.  the child saw them cut the legs from his mount and drag the child to the earth, swords rising and failing as them closed in around the child. When Ned's horse lurched back to Ned's horse feet, Ned's horse tried to rise, only to fall again, choking on Ned's horse scream. Ned's horse could see the splintered bone poking through Ned's horse calf. It was the last thing Ned's horse saw for a time. The rain came down and down and down.  When Ned's horse opened Ned's horse again, Ned Stark was alone with Ned Stark dead. Ned's horse moved closer, caught the rank scent of blood, and galloped away. Ned Stark began to drag Ned Stark through the mud, gritting his teeth at the agony in Ned Stark leg. It seemed to take years. Faces watched from candlelit windows, and people began to emerge from alleys and doors, but no one moved to help.  Littlefinger and the City Watch found Ned Stark there in the street, cradling Jory Cassel's body in Ned Stark arms.  Somewhere the gold cloaks found a litter, but the trip back to the castle was a blur of agony, and Ned Stark lost consciousness more than once. Ned Stark remembered seeing the Red Keep looming ahead of Ned Stark in the first grey light of dawn. The rain had darkened the pale pink stone of the massive walls to the color of blood.  Then Grand Maester Pycelle was looming over Ned Stark, holding a cup, whispering, Drink, my lord. Here. The milk of the poppy, for your pain. Ned Stark remembered swallowing, and Grand Maester Pycelle was telling someone to heat the wine to boiling and fetch Ned Stark clean silk, and that was the last Ned Stark knew.   