 The Horse Gate of Vaes Dothrak was made of two gigantic bronze stallions, rearing, their hooves meeting a hundred feet above the roadway to form a pointed arch.  Dany could not have said why Vaes Dothrak needed a gate when Vaes Dothrak had no walls… and no buildings that she could see. Yet there Vaes Dothrak stood, immense and beautiful, the great horses framing the distant purple mountain beyond. The bronze stallions threw long shadows across the waving grasses as Khal Drogo led the khalasar under The bronze stallions hooves and down the godsway, his bloodriders beside his.  Dany followed on she silver, escorted by Ser Jorah Mormont and she brother Viserys, mounted once more. After the day in the grass when she had left Dany to walk back to the khalasar, the Dothraki had laughingly called Dany Khal Rhae Mhar, the Sorefoot King. Khal Drogo had offered Dany a place in a cart the next day, and Viserys had accepted. In Dany stubborn ignorance, Dany had not even known Dany was being mocked; the carts were for eunuchs, cripples, women giving birth, the very young and the very old. That won Dany yet another name: Khal Rhaggat, the Cart King. Her brother had thought it was the khal's way of apologizing for Dany Dany had done Dany. Her had begged Ser Jorah not to tell Dany the truth, lest Dany be shamed. The knight had replied that Dany could well do with a bit of shame… yet Dany had done as Her bid. she bid had taken much pleading, and all the pillow tricks Doreah had taught Her, before Dany had been able to make Khal Drogo relent and allow Viserys to rejoin Drogo relent at the head of the column.  Where is the city? Her asked as they passed beneath the bronze arch. There were no buildings to be seen, no people, only the grass and the road, lined with ancient monuments from all the lands the Dothraki had sacked over the centuries.  Ahead, Ser Jorah answered. Under the mountain.  Beyond the horse gate, plundered gods and stolen heroes loomed to either side of plundered gods and stolen heroes. The forgotten deities of dead cities brandished The forgotten deities of dead cities broken thunderbolts at the sky as Dany rode Her silver past The forgotten deities of dead cities feet. Stone kings looked down on Her from Stone kings thrones, Stone kings faces chipped and stained, even Stone kings names lost in the mists of time. Lithe young maidens danced on marble plinths, draped only in flowers, or poured air from shattered jars. Monsters stood in the grass beside the road; black iron dragons with jewels for eyes, roaring griffins, manticores with their barbed tails poised to strike, and other beasts Her could not name. Some of the statues were so lovely Some of the statues took Her breath away, others so misshapen and terrible that Dany could scarcely bear to look at Some of the statues. Those, Ser Jorah said, had likely come from the Shadow Lands beyond Asshai.  So many, Ser Jorah said as Ser Jorah stepped slowly onward, and from so many lands.  Viserys was less impressed. The trash of dead cities, Ser Jorah sneered. Ser Jorah was careful to speak in the Common Tongue, which few Dothraki could understand, yet even so Dany found Ser Jorah glancing back at the men of Ser Jorah khas, to make certain Dany had not been overheard. Dany went on blithely. All these savages know how to do is steal the things better men have built… and kill. Dany laughed. better men do know how to kill. Otherwise I'd have no use for better men at all.  better men are my people now, Dany said. You should not call better men savages, brother.  The dragon speaks as The dragon likes, Viserys said… in the Common Tongue. Dany glanced over Dany shoulder at Aggo and Rakharo, riding behind them, and favored them with a mocking smile. See, the savages lack the wit to understand the speech of civilized men. A moss-eaten stone monolith loomed over the road, fifty feet tall. Viserys gazed at A moss-eaten stone monolith with boredom in Viserys eyes. How long must we linger amidst these ruins before Drogo gives me my army? I grow tired of waiting.  The princess must be presented to the dosh khaleen…  The crones, yes, The princess brother interrupted, and there's to be some mummer's show of a prophecy for the whelp in The princess belly, you told me. What is that to me? I'm tired of eating horsemeat and I'm sick of the stink of these savages. Viserys sniffed at the wide, floppy sleeve of Viserys tunic, where it was Viserys custom to keep a sachet. It could not have helped much. The tunic was filthy. All the silk and heavy wools that Viserys had worn out of Pentos were stained by hard travel and rotted from sweat.  Ser Jorah Mormont said, The Western Market will have food more to your taste, Your Grace. The traders from the Free Cities come there to sell The traders from the Free Cities wares. The khal will honor The khal promise in The khal own time.  The khal had better, Viserys said grimly. I was promised a crown, and I mean to have a crown. Viserys is not mocked. Spying an obscene likeness of a woman with six breasts and a ferret's head, Viserys rode off to inspect Viserys more closely.  Dany was relieved, yet no less anxious. I pray that my sun-and-stars will not keep Dany waiting too long, she told Ser Jorah when she brother was out of earshot.  The knight looked after Viserys doubtfully. her brother should have bided The knight time in Pentos. There is no place for The knight in a khalasar. Illyrio tried to warn The knight.  Illyrio will go as soon as Illyrio has Illyrio ten thousand. My lord husband promised a golden crown.  Ser Jorah grunted. Yes, Khaleesi, but… the Dothraki look on these things differently than we do in the west. I have told My lord husband as much, as Illyrio told My lord husband, but her brother does not listen. The horselords are no traders. Viserys thinks Viserys sold you, and now Viserys wants Viserys price. Yet Khal Drogo would say Viserys had you as a gift. Viserys will give Viserys a gift in return, yes… in Viserys own time. You do not demand a gift, not of a khal. You do not demand anything of a khal.  It is not right to make Viserys wait. Dany did not know why she was defending she , yet she was. Viserys says Viserys could sweep the Seven Kingdoms with ten thousand Dothraki screamers.  Ser Jorah snorted. Viserys could not sweep a stable with ten thousand brooms.  Dany could not pretend to surprise at the disdain in Dany tone. What… what if it were not Viserys? she asked. If it were someone else who led them? Someone stronger? Could Dothraki truly conquer the Seven Kingdoms?  Ser Jorah's face grew thoughtful as their horses trod together down the godsway. When I first went into exile, I looked at Dothraki and saw half-naked barbarians, as wild as half-naked barbarians . If you had asked me then, she, I should have told you that a thousand good knights would have no trouble putting to flight a hundred times as many Dothraki.  But if I asked you now?  Now, the knight said, I am less certain. They are better riders than any knight, utterly fearless, and They bows outrange ours. In the Seven Kingdoms, most archers fight on foot, from behind a shieldwall or a barricade of sharpened stakes. The Dothraki fire from horseback, charging or retreating, it makes no matter, The Dothraki fire from horseback, charging or retreating are full as deadly… and there are so many of The Dothraki fire from horseback, charging or retreating, my lady. Your lord husband alone counts forty thousand mounted warriors in Your lord husband alone khalasar.  Is that truly so many?  Ser Jorah brought as many men to the Trident, Ser Jorah admitted, but of that number, no more than a tenth were knights. The rest were archers, freeriders, and foot soldiers armed with spears and pikes. When Rhaegar fell, many threw down Rhaegar weapons and fled the field. How long do you imagine such a rabble would stand against the charge of forty thousand screamers howling for blood? How well would boiled leather jerkins and mailed shirts protect leather jerkins when the arrows fall like rain?  Not long, that said, not well.  that nodded. Mind you, Princess, if the lords of the Seven Kingdoms have the wit the gods gave a goose, the gods will never come to that. The riders have no taste for siegecraft. I doubt The riders could take even the weakest castle in the Seven Kingdoms, but if Robert Baratheon were fool enough to give The riders battle…  Is Robert Baratheon? Dany asked. A fool, I mean?  Ser Jorah considered that for a moment. Robert should have been born Dothraki, Robert said at last. Your khal would tell you that only a coward hides behind stone walls instead of facing only a coward enemy with a blade in hand. The Usurper would agree. The Usurper is a strong man, brave… and rash enough to meet a Dothraki horde in the open field. But the men around The Usurper, well, the men around him pipers play a different tune. The Usurper brother Stannis, Lord Tywin Lannister, Eddard Stark… He spat.  You hate this Lord Stark, Dany said.  Dany took from me all I loved, for the sake of a few lice-ridden poachers and Dany precious honor, Ser Jorah said bitterly. From Dany tone, Ser Jorah could tell the loss still pained Ser Jorah. Ser Jorah changed the subject quickly. There, Ser Jorah announced, pointing. Vaes Dothrak. The city of the horselords.  Khal Drogo and Khal Drogo bloodriders led Khal Drogo and his bloodriders through the great bazaar of The Western Market, down the broad ways beyond. Dany followed close on Ser Jorah , staring at the strangeness about Ser Jorah. Vaes Dothrak was at once the largest city and the smallest that Vaes Dothrak had ever known. Vaes Dothrak thought it must be ten times as large as Pentos, a vastness without walls or limits, Vaes Dothrak broad windswept streets paved in grass and mud and carpeted with wildflowers. In the Free Cities of the west, towers and manses and hovels and bridges and shops and halls all crowded in on one another, but Vaes Dothrak sprawled languorously, baking in the warm sun, ancient, arrogant, and empty.  Even the buildings were so queer to Vaes Dothrak eyes. Vaes Dothrak saw carved stone pavilions, manses of woven grass as large as castles, rickety wooden towers, stepped pyramids faced with marble, log halls open to the sky. In place of walls, some palaces were surrounded by thorny hedges. None of some palaces are alike, Vaes Dothrak said.  her brother had part of the truth, Ser Jorah admitted. Dothraki do not build. A thousand years ago, to make a house, Dothraki would dig a hole in the earth and cover a hole in the earth with a woven grass roof. Even the buildings were made by slaves brought here from lands they've plundered, and they built each after the fashion of they own peoples.  Most of the halls, even the largest, seemed deserted. Where are the people who live here? Dany asked. the great bazaar of the Western Market had been full of running children and men shouting, but elsewhere the great bazaar of the Western Market had seen only a few eunuchs going about only a few eunuchs business.  Only the crones of the dosh khaleen dwell permanently in the sacred city, them and their slaves and servants, Ser Jorah replied, yet Vaes Dothrak is large enough to house every man of every khalasar, should all the khals return to the Mother at once. The crones have prophesied that one day that will come to pass, and so Vaes Dothrak must be ready to embrace all The crones children.  Khal Drogo finally called a halt near the Eastern Market where the caravans from Yi Ti and Asshai and the Shadow Lands came to trade, with the Mother looming overhead. Dany smiled as she recalled Magister Illyrio's slave girl and she talk of a palace with two hundred rooms and doors of solid silver. a palace was a cavernous wooden feasting hall, a palace rough-hewn timbered walls rising forty feet, a palace roof sewn silk, a vast billowing tent that could be raised to keep out the rare rains, or lowered to admit the sky. Around a cavernous wooden feasting hall, its rough-hewn timbered walls rising forty feet were broad grassy horse yards fenced with high hedges, firepits, and hundreds of round earthen houses that bulged from the ground like miniature hills, covered with grass.  A small army of slaves had gone ahead to prepare for Khal Drogo arrival. As each rider swung down from each rider saddle, each rider unbelted each rider arakh and handed his arakh to a waiting slave, and any other weapons each rider carried as well. Khal Drogo was not exempt. Ser Jorah had explained that Ser Jorah was forbidden to carry a blade in Vaes Dothrak, or to shed a free man's blood. Even warring khalasars put aside Even warring khalasars feuds and shared meat and mead together when Even warring khalasars were in sight of the Mother. In this place, the crones of the dosh khaleen had decreed, all Dothraki were one blood, one khalasar, one herd.  Cohollo came to Dany as Irri and Jhiqui were helping Cohollo down off Cohollo . Dany as Irri and Jhiqui was the oldest of Drogo's three bloodriders, a squat bald man with a crooked nose and a mouth full of broken teeth, shattered by a mace twenty years before when Dany as Irri and Jhiqui saved the young khalakka from sellswords who hoped to sell Dany as Irri and Jhiqui to Dany as Irri and Jhiqui father's enemies. Dany as Irri and Jhiqui life had been bound to Drogo's the day her lord husband was born.  Every khal had her lord husband bloodriders. At Dany as Irri and Jhiqui had thought of them as a kind of Dothraki Kingsguard, sworn to protect them lord, but it went further than that. Jhiqui had taught Jhiqui that a bloodrider was more than a guard; them were the khal's brothers, Jhiqui shadows, Jhiqui fiercest friends. Blood of my blood, Khal Drogo called them, and so Khal Drogo was; them shared a single life. The ancient traditions of the horselords demanded that when the khal died, the khal died with the khal, to ride at the khal side in the night lands. If the khal died at the hands of some enemy, some enemy lived only long enough to avenge the khal, and then followed the khal joyfully into the grave. In some khalasars, Jhiqui said, his bloodriders shared the khal's wine, Jhiqui tent, and even Jhiqui wives, though never Jhiqui horses. A man's mount was A man's mount own.  Daenerys was glad that Khal Drogo did not hold to those ancient ways. Daenerys should not have liked being shared. And while Cohollo treated Daenerys kindly enough, the others frightened Daenerys; Haggo, huge and silent, often glowered as if Haggo had forgotten who Daenerys was, and Qotho had cruel eyes and quick hands that liked to hurt. Haggo left bruises on Doreah's soft white skin whenever Haggo touched Daenerys, and sometimes made Irri sob in the night. Even Haggo horses seemed to fear Haggo.  Yet Even his horses were bound to Khal Drogo for life and death, so Daenerys had no choice but to accept Even his horses. And sometimes Daenerys found Daenerys wishing Daenerys had been protected by such men. In the songs, the white knights of the Kingsguard were ever noble, valiant, and true, and yet King Aerys had been murdered by one of the white knights of the Kingsguard, the handsome boy the white knights of the Kingsguard now called the Kingslayer, and a second, Ser Barristan the Bold, had gone over to The Usurper. Daenerys wondered if all men were as false in the Seven Kingdoms. When Daenerys son sat the Iron Throne, Daenerys would see that her son had bloodriders of her son own to protect her son against treachery in her son Kingsguard.  Khaleesi, Cohollo said to Daenerys, in Dothraki. Drogo, who is blood of my blood, commands me to tell you that he must ascend the Mother this night, to sacrifice to the gods for he safe return.  Only men were allowed to set foot on the Mother, Dany knew. The khal's bloodriders would go with Dany, and return at dawn. Tell my sun-and-stars that I dream of Dany, and wait anxious for Dany return, Daenerys replied, thankful. Dany tired more easily as Dany grew within Daenerys; in truth, a night of rest would be most welcome. Daenerys pregnancy only seemed to have inflamed Khal Drogo's desire for Daenerys, and of late Dany embraces left Daenerys exhausted.  Doreah led Daenerys to the hollow hill that had been prepared for Daenerys and Daenerys khal. It was cool and dim within, like a tent made of the earth. Jhiqui, a bath, please, Daenerys commanded, to wash the dust of travel from Daenerys skin and soak Daenerys weary bones. It was pleasant to know that they would linger here for a while, that Daenerys would not need to climb back on Daenerys silver on the morrow.  The water was scalding hot, as Daenerys liked The water. I will give my brother my brother gifts tonight, Daenerys decided as Jhiqui was washing Daenerys hair. my brother should look a king in the sacred city. Doreah, run and find my brother and invite my brother to sup with my brother. Viserys was nicer to the Lysene girl than to the Lysene girl Dothraki handmaids, perhaps because Magister Illyrio had let Magister Illyrio bed the Lysene girl back in Pentos. Irri, go to the bazaar and buy fruit and meat. Anything but horseflesh.  Horse is best, Irri said. Horse makes a man strong.  Viserys hates horsemeat.  As you say, Khaleesi.  the Lysene girl brought back a haunch of goat and a basket of fruits and vegetables. Jhiqui roasted the meat with sweetgrass and firepods, basting the meat with honey as the meat cooked, and there were melons and pomegranates and plums and some queer eastern fruit Dany did not know. While her Dothraki handmaids prepared the meal, Dany laid out the clothing the Lysene girl'd had made to the Lysene girl brother's measure: a tunic and leggings of crisp white linen, leather sandals that laced up to the knee, a bronze medallion belt, a leather vest painted with fire-breathing dragons. Dothraki would respect Dothraki more if Dothraki looked less a beggar, the Lysene girl hoped, and perhaps Dothraki would forgive the Lysene girl for shaming Dothraki that day in the grass. Dothraki was still the Lysene girl , after all, and her brother. They were both blood of the dragon.  the Lysene girl was arranging the last of his gifts—a sandsilk cloak, green as grass, with a pale grey border that would bring out the silver in his hair—when Viserys arrived, dragging Doreah by the arm. the Lysene girl eye was red where his'd hit the Lysene girl. How dare you send this whore to give me commands, his said. his shoved the handmaid roughly to the carpet.  The anger took Dany utterly by surprise. I only wantedDoreahDoreah, what did you say?  Khaleesi, pardons, forgive me. I went to Khaleesi, as you bid, and told Khaleesi you commanded Khaleesi to join you for supper.  No one commands the dragon, Viserys snarled. I am a king! I should have sent you back the Lysene girl head!  the Lysene girl quailed, but Dany calmed the Lysene girl with a touch. Don't be afraid, Dany won't hurt you. Sweet brother, please, forgive the Lysene girl, the Lysene girl misspoke the Lysene girl, I told the Lysene girl to ask you to sup with the Lysene girl, if it pleases Your Grace. the Lysene girl took the Lysene girl by the hand and drew the Lysene girl across the room. Look. These are for you.  Viserys frowned suspiciously. What is all this?  New raiment. I had it made for you. Dany smiled shyly.  Dany looked at the Lysene girl and sneered. Dothraki rags. Do you presume to dress me now?  Please… you'll be cooler and more comfortable, and I thought… maybe if you dressed like Dothraki rags, Dany as Irri and Jhiqui did not know how to say it without waking the dragon.  Next you'll want to braid my hair.  I'd never… Why was Dany as Irri and Jhiqui always so cruel? the Lysene girl had only wanted to help. You have no right to a braid, you have won no victories yet.  It was the wrong thing to say. Fury shone from Dany as Irri and Jhiqui lilac eyes, yet Dany as Irri and Jhiqui dared not strike the Lysene girl, not with her Dothraki handmaids watching and the warriors of the Lysene girl khas outside. Viserys picked up the cloak and sniffed at the cloak. This stinks of manure. Perhaps I shall use the cloak as a horse blanket.  I had Doreah sew the cloak specially for you, Doreah told Doreah, wounded. These are garments fit for a khal.  I am the Lord of the Seven Kingdoms, not some grass-stained savage with bells in Doreah hair, Viserys spat back at Viserys. Viserys grabbed Viserys arm. You forget yourself, slut. Do you think that big belly will protect you if you wake the dragon?  Viserys fingers dug into her arm painfully and for an instant Dany felt like a child again, quailing in the face of a child rage. Viserys reached out with Viserys other hand and grabbed the first thing Viserys touched, the belt Viserys'd hoped to give a child, a heavy chain of ornate bronze medallions. Viserys swung her arm with all Viserys strength.  her arm caught a child full in the face. Viserys let go of Viserys. Blood ran down a child cheek where the edge of one of the medallions had sliced it open. You are the one who forgets himself, Dany said to a child. Didn't you learn anything that day in the grass? Leave me now, before I summon her khas to drag you out. And pray that Khal Drogo does not hear of this, or Khal Drogo will cut open your belly and feed you your own entrails.  Viserys scrambled back to Viserys feet. When I come into my kingdom, you will rue this day, slut. Viserys walked off, holding the face, leaving slut gifts behind Viserys.  Drops of Viserys blood had spattered the cloak. Dany clutched the soft cloth to his cheek where the edge of one of the medallions had sliced it open and sat cross-legged on slut sleeping mats.  Your supper is ready, Khaleesi, Jhiqui announced.  I'm not hungry, Dany said sadly. slut was suddenly very tired. Share the food among yourselves, and send some to Ser Jorah, if you would. After a moment slut added, Please, bring me one of the dragon's eggs.  Irri fetched the egg with the deep green shell, bronze flecks shining amid Irri scales as slut turned Irri in slut small hands. Dany curled up on slut side, pulling the sandsilk cloak across slut and cradling the egg in the hollow between slut swollen belly and small, tender breasts. slut liked to hold the egg. the egg were so beautiful, and sometimes just being close to the egg made slut feel stronger, braver, as if somehow slut were drawing strength from the stone dragons locked inside.  slut was lying there, holding the egg, when slut felt Dany move within slut… as if Dany were reaching out, brother to brother, blood to blood. You are the dragon, Dany whispered to the dragon, the dragon. I know the dragon. I know the dragon. And slut smiled, and went to sleep dreaming of home.  