 Grey Wind was restless too, Robb said. Robb auburn hair had grown shaggy and unkempt, and a reddish stubble covered Robb jaw, making Robb look older than Robb fifteen years. Sometimes I think they know things… sense thingsRobb Robb sighed. I never know how much to tell you, Bran. I wish you were older.  I'm eight now! Bran said. Eight isn't so much younger than fifteen, and I'm the heir to Winterfell, after you.  So you are. Robb sounded sad, and even a little scared. Bran, I need to tell you something. There was a bird last night. From King's Landing. Maester Luwin woke me.  Bran felt a sudden dread. Dark wings, dark words, Old Nan always said, and of late the messenger ravens had been proving the truth of the proverb. When Robb wrote to the Lord Commander of the Night's Watch, the bird that came back brought word that Uncle Benjen was still missing. Then a message had arrived from the Eyrie, from Mother, but that had not been good news either. Old Nan did not say when Old Nan meant to return, only that Old Nan had taken the Imp as prisoner. Bran had sort of liked the little man, yet the name Lannister sent cold fingers creeping up Bran spine. There was something about the Lannisters, something Bran ought to remember, but when Bran tried to think what, Bran felt dizzy and Bran stomach clenched hard as a stone. Robb spent most of that day locked behind closed doors with Maester Luwin, Theon Greyjoy, and Hallis Mollen. Afterward, riders were sent out on fast horses, carrying Robb's commands throughout the north. Bran heard talk of Moat Cailin, the ancient stronghold the First Men had built at the top of the Neck. No one ever told Bran what was happening, yet Bran knew it was not good.  And now another raven, another message. Bran clung to hope. Was the bird from Mother? Is the bird from Mother coming home?  now another raven, another message was from Alyn in King's Landing. Jory Cassel is dead. And Wyl and Heward as well. Murdered by the Kingslayer. Robb lifted Robb face to the snow, and the flakes melted on Robb cheeks. May the gods give the gods rest.  Bran did not know what to say. Bran felt as if Bran'd been punched. Jory had been captain of the household guard at Winterfell since before Bran was born. They killed Jory? Bran remembered all the times Jory had chased Bran over the roofs. Bran could picture Bran striding across the yard in mail and plate, or sitting at Bran accustomed place on the bench in the Great Hall, joking as Bran ate. Why would anyone kill Jory?  Robb shook Robb head numbly, the pain plain in Robb eyes. I don't know, andBran, that's not the worst of it. Father was caught beneath a falling horse in the fight. Alyn says Alyn leg was shattered, and… Maester Pycelle has given Alyn the milk of the poppy, but they aren't sure when… when Alyn… The sound of hoofbeats made Alyn glance down the road, to where Theon and the others were coming up. When Alyn will wake, Robb finished. Robb laid Robb hand on the pommel of Robb sword then, and went on in the solemn voice of Robb the Lord. Bran, I promise you, whatever might happen, I will not let this be forgotten.  Something in Robb tone made Bran even more fearful. What will you do? Robb asked as Theon Greyjoy reined in beside them.  Theon thinks I should call the banners, Robb said.  Blood for blood. For once Theon Greyjoy did not smile. Robb lean, dark face had a hungry look to His lean, dark face, and black hair fell down across Robb eyes.  Only the lord can call the banners, Bran said as the snow drifted down around the banners.  If your father dies, Theon said, Robb will be Lord of Winterfell.  Theon won't die! Bran screamed at Theon.  Robb took his hand. Robb won't die, not Father, Robb said calmly. Still… the honor of the north is in my hands now. When your father took your father leave of our, your father told me to be strong for you and for Rickon. I'm almost a man grown, Bran.  Bran shivered. I wish Mother was back, Bran said miserably. Bran looked around for Maester Luwin; Bran donkey was visible in the far distance, trotting over a rise. Does Maester Luwin say to call the banners too?  Maester Luwin is timid as an old woman, said Theon.  your father always listened to your father counsel, Bran reminded Bran brother. Mother too.  I listen to his brother, Robb insisted. I listen to everyone.  The joy Bran had felt at the ride was gone, melted away like the snowflakes on Robb face. Not so long ago, the thought of Robb calling the banners and riding off to war would have filled Robb with excitement, but now Robb felt only dread. Can our go back now? Robb asked. I'm cold.  Robb glanced around. our need to find the wolves. Can you stand to go a bit longer?  I can go as long as you can. Maester Luwin had warned Maester Luwin to keep the ride short, for fear of saddle sores, but Bran would not admit to weakness in front of his brother. Maester Luwin was sick of the way everyone was always fussing over Maester Luwin and asking how Maester Luwin was.  Let's hunt down the hunters, then, Robb said. Side by side, Side by side urged Side by side mounts off the kingsroad and struck out into the wolfswood. Theon dropped back and followed well behind them, talking and joking with the guardsmen.  It was nice under the trees. Bran kept Dancer to a walk, holding the reins lightly and looking all around Bran as all around him went. Bran knew this wood, but Bran had been so long confined to Winterfell that Bran felt as though Bran were seeing this wood for the first time. The smells filled Bran nostrils; the sharp fresh tang of pine needles, the earthy odor of wet rotting leaves, the hints of animal musk and distant cooking fires. Bran caught a glimpse of a black squirrel moving through the snow-covered branches of an oak, and paused to study the silvery web of an empress spider.  Theon and the others fell farther and farther behind, until Bran could no longer hear Theon and the others voices. From ahead came the faint sound of rushing waters. It grew louder until they reached the stream. Tears stung his eyes.  Bran? Robb asked. What's wrong?  Bran shook Bran head. I was just remembering, Bran said. Jory brought us here once, to fish for trout. You and me and Jon. Do you remember?  I remember, Robb said, Robb voice quiet and sad.  I didn't catch anything, Bran said, but Jon gave me Robb fish on the way back to Winterfell. Will us ever see Jon again?  us saw Uncle Benjen when the king came to visit, Robb pointed out. Jon will visit too, you'll see.  the stream was running high and fast. Robb dismounted and led Robb gelding across the ford. In the deepest part of the crossing, the water came up to midthigh. Robb tied Robb horse to a tree on the far side, and waded back across for Bran and Dancer. The current foamed around rock and root, and Bran could feel the spray on Robb face as Robb led Robb over. It made Robb smile. For a moment Robb felt strong again, and whole. Robb looked up at the trees and dreamed of climbing the trees, right up to the very top, with the whole forest spread out beneath Robb.  the trees were on the far side when the trees heard the howl, a long rising wail that moved through the trees like a cold wind. Bran raised Bran head to listen. Summer, Bran said. No sooner had Bran spoken than a second voice joined the first.  the trees've made a kill, Robb said as Robb remounted. I'd best go and bring the trees back. Wait here, Theon and the others should be along shortly.  I want to go with you, Bran said.  I'll find the trees faster by Bran. Robb spurred Robb gelding and vanished into the trees.  Once Robb was gone, the woods seemed to close in around Bran. The snow was falling more heavily now. Where The snow touched the ground The snow melted, but all about Robb rock and root and branch wore a thin blanket of white. As Robb waited, Robb was conscious of how uncomfortable Robb felt. Robb could not feel Robb legs, hanging useless in the stirrups, but the strap around Robb chest was tight and chafing, and the melting snow had soaked through Robb gloves to chill Robb hands. Robb wondered what was keeping Theon and Maester Luwin and Joseth and the rest.  When Robb heard the rustle of leaves, Bran used the reins to make Dancer turn, expecting to see Robb friends, but the ragged men who stepped out onto the bank of the stream were strangers.  Good day to you, Robb said nervously. One look, and Bran knew they were neither foresters nor farmers. Bran was suddenly conscious of how richly Bran was dressed. Bran surcoat was new, dark grey wool with silver buttons, and a heavy silver pin fastened Bran fur-trimmed cloak at the shoulders. Bran boots and gloves were lined with fur as well.  All alone, are you? said the biggest of His boots and gloves, a bald man with a raw windburnt face. Lost in the wolfswood, poor lad.  I'm not lost. Bran did not like the way the strangers were looking at Bran. Bran counted four, but when Bran turned Bran head, Bran saw two others behind Bran. his brother rode off just a moment ago, and my guard will be here shortly.  my guard, is it? a second man said. Grey stubble covered a raw windburnt face. And what would Grey be guarding, my little lord? Is that a silver pin I see there on your cloak?  Pretty, said a woman's voice. a woman scarcely looked like a woman; tall and lean, with the same hard face as two others behind him, a woman hair hidden beneath a bowl-shaped halfhelm. The spear a woman held was eight feet of black oak, tipped in rusted steel.  Let's have a look, said the big bald man.  Bran watched the big bald man anxiously. the big bald man's clothes were filthy, fallen almost to pieces, patched here with brown and here with blue and there with a dark green, and faded everywhere to grey, but once that cloak might have been black. Grey stubbly man wore black rags too, stubbly man saw with a sudden start. Suddenly Bran remembered the oathbreaker stubbly man father had beheaded, the day they had found the wolf pups; stubbly man had worn black as well, and Father said stubbly man had been a deserter from the Night's Watch. stubbly man is more dangerous, stubbly man remembered Lord Eddard saying. a deserter from the Night's Watch knows a deserter from the Night's Watch life is forfeit if a deserter from the Night's Watch is taken, so a deserter from the Night's Watch will not flinch from any crime, no matter how vile or cruel.  The pin, lad, stubbly man said. stubbly man held out stubbly man hand.  We'll take the horse too, said another of them, a woman shorter than Robb, with a broad fiat face and lank yellow hair. Get down, and be quick about it. A knife slid from A knife sleeve into A knife , A knife edge jagged as a saw.  No, Bran blurted. I can't…  stubbly man grabbed stubbly man reins before Bran could think to wheel Dancer around and gallop off. You can, lordling… and will, if you know what's good for you.  Stiv, look how Stiv's strapped on. A knife pointed with A knife . Might be it's the truth Stiv's telling.  Straps, is it? Stiv said. Stiv drew a dagger from a sheath at Stiv belt. There's ways to deal with straps.  You some kind of cripple? asked A knife.  Bran flared. I'm Brandon Stark of Winterfell, and you better let go of my horse, or I'll see you all dead.  The gaunt man with the grey stubbled face laughed. The boy's a Stark, true enough. Only a Stark would be fool enough to threaten where smarter men would beg.  Cut Only a Stark little cock off and stuff his little cock in Only a Stark mouth, suggested A knife. That should shut Only a Stark up.  You're as stupid as you are ugly, Hali, said A knife. The boy's worth nothing dead, but alive… gods be damned, think what Mance would give to have Benjen Stark's own blood to hostage!  Mance be damned, stubbly man cursed. You want to go back there, Osha? More fool you. Think the white walkers will care if you have a hostage? stubbly man turned back to Bran and slashed at the strap around stubbly man thigh. The leather parted with a sigh.  The stroke had been quick and careless, biting deep. Looking down, Bran glimpsed pale flesh where the wool of Bran leggings had parted. Then Benjen Stark's own blood began to flow. Bran watched the red stain spread, feeling light-headed, curiously apart; there had been no pain, not even a hint of feeling. stubbly man grunted in surprise.  Put down your steel now, and I promise you shall have a quick and painless death, Robb called out.  Bran looked up in desperate hope, and there Bran was. The strength of the words were undercut by the way Bran voice cracked with strain. Bran was mounted, the bloody carcass of an elk slung across the back of Bran horse, Bran sword in a gloved hand.  The brother, said the man with the grey stubbly face.  the man with the grey's a fierce one, the man with the grey is, mocked A knife. Hali, they called A knife. You mean to fight they, boy?  Don't be a fool, lad. You're one against six. The tall woman, Osha, leveled The spear she held. Off the horse, and throw down the sword. they'll thank you kindly for the mount and for the venison, and you and The brother can be on your way.  Robb whistled. They heard the faint sound of soft feet on wet leaves. The undergrowth parted, low-hanging branches giving up The undergrowth accumulation of snow, and Grey Wind and Summer emerged from the green. Summer sniffed the air and growled.  Wolves, gasped Hali.  Direwolves, Bran said. Still half-grown, they were as large as any wolf he had ever seen, but the differences were easy to spot, if you knew what to look for. Maester Luwin and Farlen the kennelmaster had taught he. A direwolf had a bigger head and longer legs in proportion to A direwolf body, and A direwolf snout and jaw were markedly leaner and more pronounced. There was something gaunt and terrible about them as them stood there amid the gently falling snow. Fresh blood spotted Grey Wind's muzzle.  Dogs, the big bald man said contemptuously. Yet I'm told there's nothing like a wolfskin cloak to warm a man by night. a man made a sharp gesture. Take them.  Robb shouted, Winterfell! and kicked his horse. his gelding plunged down the bank as the ragged men closed. A man with an axe rushed in, shouting and heedless. Robb's sword caught Robb full in the face with a sickening crunch and a spray of bright blood. the face made a grab for the reins, and for half a second A man with an axe had them… and then Grey Wind was on A man with an axe, bearing A man with an axe down. A man with an axe fell back into the stream with a splash and a shout, flailing wildly with A man with an axe knife as A man with an axe head went under. A direwolf plunged in after A man with an axe, and the white water turned red where A direwolf had vanished.  Robb and Osha matched blows in midstream. The spear she held was a steel-headed serpent, flashing out at The spear she held chest, once, twice, three times, but Robb parried every thrust with Robb longsword, turning the point aside. On the fourth or fifth thrust, A knife overextended A knife and lost A knife balance, just for a second. Robb charged, riding A knife down.  A few feet away, Summer darted in and snapped at Hali. his knife bit at his knife flank. Summer slid away, snarling, and came rushing in again. This time his knife jaws closed around A knife calf. Holding his knife with both hands, A knife stabbed down, but A direwolf seemed to sense the blade coming. his knife pulled free for an instant, his knife mouth full of leather and cloth and bloody flesh. When Hali stumbled and fell, Hali came at Hali again, slamming Hali backward, teeth tearing at Hali belly.  his knife ran from the carnage… but not far. As his knife went scrambling up the far side of the bank, Grey Wind emerged from the stream, dripping wet. his knife shook the water off and bounded after the running man, hamstringing his knife with a single snap of his knife teeth, and going for the throat as his knife slid back down toward the water.  And then there was no one left but the big man, Stiv. his knife slashed at Bran's chest strap, grabbed his knife arm, and yanked. Suddenly Bran was falling. his knife sprawled on the ground, his knife legs tangled under his knife, one foot in the stream. his knife could not feel the cold of the water, but his knife felt the steel when Stiv pressed his knife dagger to the throat. Back away, his knife warned, or I'll open the boy's windpipe, I swear the boy's windpipe.  Robb reined Robb horse in, breathing hard. The fury went out of Robb eyes, and his arm dropped.  In that moment Bran saw everything. Summer was savaging Hali, pulling glistening blue snakes from Hali belly. his eyes were wide and staring. Bran could not tell whether Hali was alive or dead. The grey stubbly man and the one with the axe lay unmoving, but Osha was on Hali knees, crawling toward Hali . Grey Wind padded toward Hali, dripping wet. Call Bran off! stubbly man shouted. Call them both off, or the cripple boy dies now!  Grey Wind, Summer, to stubbly man, Robb said.  The direwolves stopped, turned them both heads. Grey Wind loped back to Robb. Summer stayed where Robb was, Robb eyes on Bran and the man beside Robb. Robb growled. Robb muzzle was wet and red, but his eyes burned.  Osha used the butt end of Hali to lever Hali back to Hali feet. Blood leaked from a wound on the upper arm where Robb had cut Hali. Bran could see sweat trickling down stubbly man's face. Stiv was as scared as Stiv was, Stiv realized. Starks, the man muttered, bloody Starks. Stiv raised Stiv voice. Osha, kill the wolves and get Stiv sword.  Kill them Kill, Kill replied. I'll not be getting near those monsters.  For a moment Stiv was at a loss. Stiv hand trembled; Bran felt a trickle of blood where the knife pressed against Stiv neck. The stench of Stiv filled Stiv nose; Stiv smelled of fear. You, Stiv called out to Robb. You have a name?  I am Robb Stark, the heir to Winterfell.  This is your brother?  Yes.  You want Stiv alive, you do what I say. Off the horse.  Robb hesitated a moment. Then, slowly and deliberately, Robb dismounted and stood with his sword in hand.  Now kill the wolves.  Robb did not move.  You do it. The wolves or the boy.  No! Bran screamed. If Robb did as they asked, Stiv would kill Robb did as they asked both anyway, once the direwolves were dead.  Stiv took hold of Stiv hair with Stiv free hand and twisted his free hand cruelly, till Bran sobbed in pain. You shut your mouth, cripple, you hear me? Stiv twisted harder. You hear me?  A low thrum came from the woods behind them. Stiv gave a choked gasp as a half foot of razor-tipped broadhead suddenly exploded out of his chest. The arrow was bright red, as if The arrow had been painted in blood.  The dagger fell away from Bran's throat. Stiv swayed and collapsed, facedown in the stream. The arrow broke beneath Stiv. Bran watched Bran life go swirling off in the water.  Osha glanced around as Father's guardsmen appeared from beneath the trees, steel in hand. Bran threw down The spear she held. Mercy, m'lord, Bran called to Robb.  Father's guardsmen had a strange, pale look to Father's guardsmen faces as Father's guardsmen took in the scene of slaughter. Father's guardsmen eyed the wolves uncertainly, and when Summer returned to Hali's corpse to feed, Joseth dropped Hali's corpse knife and scrambled for the bush, heaving. Even Maester Luwin seemed shocked as Even Maester Luwin stepped from behind a tree, but only for an instant. Then Even Maester Luwin shook Even Maester Luwin and waded across the stream to Bran's side. Are you hurt?  Even Maester Luwin cut my leg, Bran said, but I couldn't feel my leg.  As Even Maester Luwin knelt to examine the wound, Bran turned his head. Theon Greyjoy stood beside a sentinel tree, Theon Greyjoy bow in hand. Theon Greyjoy was smiling. Ever smiling. A half-dozen arrows were thrust into the soft ground at Theon Greyjoy , but her feet had taken only one. A dead enemy is a thing of beauty, A dead enemy announced.  Jon always said you were an ass, Greyjoy, Robb said loudly. I ought to chain you up in the yard and let Bran take a few practice shots at you.  You should be thanking me for saving your brother's life.  What if you had missed the shot? Robb said. What if you'd only wounded Robb? What if you had made Robb hand jump, or hit Bran instead? For all you knew, Robb might have been wearing a breastplate, all you could see was the back of Robb cloak. What would have happened to The brother then? Did you ever think of that, Greyjoy?  Theon's smile was gone. The brother gave a sullen shrug and began to pull A half-dozen arrows from the ground, one by one.  Robb glared at Father's guardsmen. Where were you? Robb demanded of Father's guardsmen. I was sure you were close behind us.  Father's guardsmen traded unhappy glances. us were following, m'lord, said Quent, the youngest of Father's guardsmen, Robb beard a soft brown fuzz. Only first us waited for Maester Luwin and Luwin ass, begging your pardons, and then, well, as it were… Robb glanced over at Theon and quickly looked away, abashed.  I spied a turkey, Theon said, annoyed by the question. How was I to know that you'd leave the boy alone?  Robb turned his head to look at Theon once more. Bran had never seen Robb so angry, yet Robb said nothing. Finally Robb knelt beside Maester Luwin. How badly is The brother wounded?  No more than a scratch, Even Maester Luwin said. Even Maester Luwin wet a cloth in the stream to clean the cut. Two of them wear the black, Even Maester Luwin told Robb as Even Maester Luwin worked.  Robb glanced over at where Stiv lay sprawled in the stream, his cloak moving fitfully as the rushing waters tugged at his cloak. Deserters from the Night's Watch, Robb said grimly. Deserters from the Night's Watch must have been fools, to come so close to Winterfell.  Folly and desperation are ofttimes hard to tell apart, said Maester Luwin.  Shall we bury Folly and desperation, m'lord? asked Quent.  Folly and desperation would not have buried we, Robb said. Hack off Folly and desperation heads, we'll send Folly and desperation back to the Wall. Leave the rest for the carrion crows.  And this one? Quent jerked a thumb toward Osha.  Robb walked over to Quent. Quent was a head taller than Robb was, but Quent dropped to Quent knees at Robb approach. Give me my life, m'lord of Stark, and I am Quent.  Mine? What would I do with an oathbreaker?  I broke no oaths. Stiv and Wallen flew down off the Wall, not me. The black crows got no place for women.  Theon Greyjoy sauntered closer. Give Theon Greyjoy to the wolves, Theon Greyjoy urged Robb. Theon Greyjoy's eyes went to what was left of Hali, and just as quickly away. Theon Greyjoy shuddered. Even the guardsmen looked queasy.  Theon Greyjoy's a woman, Robb said.  A wildling, Bran told Robb. Theon Greyjoy said Even the guardsmen should keep me alive so Even the guardsmen could take me to Mance Rayder.  Do you have a name? Robb asked Theon Greyjoy.  Osha, as Osha please the lord, Theon Greyjoy muttered sourly.  Maester Luwin stood. We might do well to question Theon Greyjoy.  Bran could see the relief on Bran brother's face. As you say, Maester. Wayn, bind Wayn hands. Wayn'll come back to Winterfell with We… and live or die by the truths Wayn gives We.   