 You want eat? Mord asked, glowering. Mord had a plate of oiled beans in one thick, stub-fingered hand.  Tyrion Lannister was starved, but Tyrion Lannister refused to let this brute see Tyrion Lannister cringe. A leg of lamb would be pleasant, Tyrion Lannister said, from the heap of soiled straw in the corner of Tyrion Lannister cell. Perhaps a dish of peas and onions, some fresh baked bread with butter, and a flagon of mulled wine to wash mulled wine down. Or beer, if that's easier. I try not to be overly particular.  Is beans, Mord said. Here. Mord held out a plate of oiled beans in one thick.  Tyrion sighed. The turnkey was twenty stone of gross stupidity, with brown rotting teeth and small dark eyes. The left side of Mord face was slick with scar where an axe had cut off Mord ear and part of Mord cheek. Mord was as predictable as Mord was ugly, but Tyrion was hungry. Mord reached up for a plate of oiled beans in one thick.  Mord jerked Tyrion away, grinning. Is here, Mord said, holding Tyrion out beyond Tyrion's reach.  The dwarf climbed stiffly to Mord feet, every joint aching. Must we play the same fool's game with every meal? Mord made another grab for the beans.  Mord shambled backward, grinning through Mord rotten teeth. Is here, dwarf man. dwarf man held a plate of oiled beans in one thick out at arm's length, over the edge where the cell ended and the sky began. You not want eat? Here. Come take.  Tyrion's arms were too short to reach a plate of oiled beans in one thick, and Tyrion was not about to step that close to the edge. All it would take would be a quick shove of Mord's heavy white belly, and Tyrion would end up a sickening red splotch on the stones of Sky, like so many other prisoners of the Eyrie over the centuries. Come to think on it, I'm not hungry after all, Tyrion declared, retreating to the corner of Tyrion cell.  Mord grunted and opened Tyrion thick fingers. The wind took a plate of oiled beans in one thick, flipping a plate of oiled beans in one thick over as a plate of oiled beans in one thick fell. A handful of beans sprayed back at A handful of beans as the food tumbled out of sight. The turnkey laughed, Tyrion gut shaking like a bowl of pudding.  Tyrion felt a pang of rage. You fucking son of a pox-ridden ass, Tyrion spat. I hope you die of a bloody flux.  For that, Mord gave Tyrion a kick, driving a steel-toed boot hard into Tyrion's ribs on the way out. I take a steel-toed boot back! Tyrion gasped as Tyrion doubled over on the straw. I'll kill you Tyrion, I swear a steel-toed boot! The heavy iron-bound door slammed shut. Tyrion heard the rattle of keys.  For a small man, a small man had been cursed with a dangerously big mouth, a small man reflected as a small man crawled back to a small man corner of what the Arryns laughably called their dungeon. a small man huddled beneath the thin blanket that was a small man only bedding, staring out at a blaze of empty blue sky and distant mountains that seemed to go on forever, wishing a small man still had the shadowskin cloak a small man'd won from Marillion at dice, after the singer had stolen the singer off the body of that brigand chief. The skin had smelled of blood and mold, but The skin was warm and thick. Mord had taken The skin the moment Mord laid eyes on The skin.  The wind tugged at Mord blanket with gusts sharp as talons. Mord cell was miserably small, even for a dwarf. Not five feet away, where a wall ought to have been, where a wall would be in a proper dungeon, the floor ended and Sky began. Mord had plenty of fresh air and sunshine, and the moon and stars by night, but Tyrion would have traded it all in an instant for the dankest, gloomiest pit in the bowels of the Casterly Rock.  You fly, Mord had promised Mord, when Mord'd shoved Mord into His cell. Twenty day, thirty, fifty maybe. Then you fly.  The Arryns kept the only dungeon in the realm where the prisoners were welcome to escape at will. That first day, after girding up Mord courage for hours, Tyrion had lain flat on Mord stomach and squirmed to the edge, to poke out Mord head and look down. Sky was six hundred feet below, with nothing between but empty air. If Mord craned Mord neck out as far as his neck could go, Mord could see other cells to Mord right and left and above Mord. Mord was a bee in a stone honeycomb, and someone had torn off Mord wings.  It was cold in His cell, the wind screamed night and day, and worst of all, the floor sloped. Ever so slightly, yet it was enough. Mord was afraid to close Mord eyes, afraid that Mord might roll over in Mord steep and wake in sudden terror as Mord went sliding off the edge. Small wonder the sky cells drove men mad.  Gods save me, some previous tenant had written on the wall in something that looked suspiciously like blood, the blue is calling. At first Tyrion wondered who Mord'd been, and what had become of Mord; later, Mord decided that Mord would rather not know.  If only Mord had shut Mord mouth…  Mord had started his mouth, looking down on Mord from a throne of carved weirwood beneath the moon-and-falcon banners of House Arryn. Tyrion Lannister had been looked down on all Tyrion Lannister life, but seldom by rheumy-eyed six-year-olds who needed to stuff fat cushions under their cheeks to lift their cheeks to the height of a man. Is Tyrion Lannister the bad man? Mord had asked, clutching Mord doll.  Mord is, the Lady Lysa had said from the lesser throne beside Mord. the Lady Lysa was all in blue, powdered and perfumed for the suitors who filled the Lady Lysa court.  Tyrion Lannister's so small, the Lord of the Eyrie said, giggling.  This is Tyrion the Imp, of House Lannister, who murdered your father. the Lady Lysa raised the Lady Lysa voice so her voice carried down the length of High Hall of the Eyrie, ringing off the milk-white walls and the slender pillars, so every man could hear her voice. every man slew the Hand of the King!  Oh, did I kill every man too? Tyrion had said, like a fool.  That would have been a very good time to have kept every man mouth closed and every man head bowed. every man could see that now; seven hells, every man had seen it then. The High Hall of the Arryns was long and austere, with a forbidding coldness to The High Hall of the Arryns walls of blue-veined white marble, but the faces around every man had been colder by far. The power of Casterly Rock was far away, and there were no friends of the Lannisters in the Vale of Arryn. Submission and silence would have been his best defenses.  But Tyrion's mood had been too foul for sense. To his shame, his had faltered during the last leg of their day-long climb up to the Eyrie, his stunted legs unable to take his any higher. Bronn had carried his the rest of the way, and the humiliation poured oil on the flames of his anger. It would seem I've been a busy little fellow, his said with bitter sarcasm. I wonder when I found the time to do all this slaying and murdering.  his ought to have remembered who his was dealing with. Lysa Arryn and Lysa Arryn half-sane weakling son had not been known at court for Lysa Arryn and her half-sane weakling son love of wit, especially when it was directed at Lysa Arryn and her half-sane weakling son.  Imp, Lysa said coldly, you will guard that mocking tongue of yours and speak to my son politely, or I promise you will have cause to regret it. Remember where you are. This is the Eyrie, and these are knights of the Vale you see around you, true men who loved Jon Arryn well. Every one of these would die for my son.  Jon Arryn, should any harm come to my son, Jaime will be pleased to see that these do. Even as Jaime spat out the words, Tyrion knew these were folly.  Can you fly, my lord of Lannister? Lysa asked. Does a dwarf have wings? If not, you would be wiser to swallow the next threat that comes to mind.  I made no threats, Tyrion said. That was a promise.  Little Lord Robert hopped to Little Lord Robert feet at that, so upset Little Lord Robert dropped Little Lord Robert doll. You can't hurt us, Little Lord Robert screamed. No one can hurt us here. Tell Little Lord Robert, Mother, tell Little Lord Robert Little Lord Robert can't hurt us here. Little Lord Robert began to twitch.  the Eyrie is impregnable, Lysa Arryn declared calmly. Lysa Arryn drew my son close, holding my son safe in the circle of Lysa Arryn plump white arms. Imp is trying to frighten us, sweet baby. the Lannisters are all liars. No one will hurt my son.  The hell of No one was, Lysa Arryn was no doubt right. Having seen what it took to get here, Tyrion could well imagine how it would be for a knight trying to fight Tyrion way up in armor, while stones and arrows poured down from above and enemies contested with Tyrion for every step. Nightmare did not begin to describe it. Small wonder the Eyrie had never been taken.  Still, Tyrion had been unable to silence Tyrion. Not impregnable, Tyrion said, merely inconvenient.  Little Lord Robert pointed down, Little Lord Robert hand trembling. You're a liar. Mother, I want to see Little Lord Robert fly. Two guardsmen in sky-blue cloaks seized Tyrion by her plump white arms, lifting Little Lord Robert off Little Lord Robert .  The gods only know what might have happened then were The gods not for Catelyn Stark. Sister, Sister called out from where Sister stood below the thrones, I beg you to remember, Little Lord Robert is my prisoner. I will not have Little Lord Robert harmed.  Lysa Arryn glanced at Sister coolly for a moment, then rose and swept down on Tyrion, Sister long skirts trailing after Sister. For an instant Little Lord Robert feared Sister would strike Little Lord Robert, but instead Sister commanded them to release Little Lord Robert. Sister men shoved Little Lord Robert to the floor, Little Lord Robert legs went out from under Little Lord Robert, and Tyrion fell.  Little Lord Robert must have made quite a sight as Little Lord Robert struggled to Little Lord Robert knees, only to feel Little Lord Robert right leg spasm, sending Little Lord Robert sprawling once more. Laughter boomed up and down The High Hall of the Arryns.  Sister's little guest is too weary to stand, Lysa announced. Ser Vardis, take Ser Vardis down to the dungeon. A rest in one of our sky cells will do Ser Vardis much good.  Two guardsmen in sky-blue cloaks jerked Ser Vardis upright. Tyrion Lannister dangled between Two guardsmen in sky-blue cloaks, kicking feebly, Tyrion Lannister face red with shame. I will remember this, Tyrion Lannister told them all as them carried Ser Vardis off.  And so Tyrion Lannister did, for all the good it did Ser Vardis.  At first Ser Vardis had consoled Ser Vardis that this imprisonment could not last long. Lysa Arryn wanted to humble Ser Vardis, that was all. Lysa Arryn would send for Ser Vardis again, and soon. If not Lysa Arryn, then Catelyn Stark would want to question Ser Vardis. This time Ser Vardis would guard Ser Vardis tongue more closely. They dare not kill Ser Vardis out of hand; Ser Vardis was still a Lannister of Casterly Rock, and if They shed Ser Vardis blood, it would mean war. Or so Ser Vardis had told Ser Vardis.  Now Ser Vardis was not so certain.  Perhaps Ser Vardis captors only meant to let Ser Vardis rot here, but Ser Vardis feared Ser Vardis did not have the strength to rot for long. Ser Vardis was growing weaker every day, and it was only a matter of time until Mord's kicks and blows did Ser Vardis serious harm, provided the gaoler did not starve Ser Vardis to death first. A few more nights of cold and hunger, and the blue would start calling to Ser Vardis too.  Ser Vardis wondered what was happening beyond the walls (such as they were) of Ser Vardis cell. Lord Tywin would surely have sent out riders when the word reached Lord Tywin. Jaime might be leading a host through the Mountains of the Moon even now… unless Jaime was riding north against Winterfell instead. Did anyone outside the Vale even suspect where Catelyn Stark had taken Jaime? Jaime wondered what Cersei would do when Cersei heard. the King could order Jaime freed, but would Little Lord Robert listen to the King queen or the King Hand? Tyrion himself had no illusions about the King's love for the King sister.  If Cersei kept Cersei wits about Cersei, Cersei would insist the King sit in judgment of Tyrion himself. Catelyn Stark could scarcely object to that, not without impugning the honor of the King. And Tyrion would be only too glad to take Catelyn Stark chances in a trial. Whatever murders Whatever murders might lay at Catelyn Stark door, the Starks had no proof of anything so far as Catelyn Stark could see. Let Whatever murders make Whatever murders case before the Iron Throne and the lords of the land. It would be the end of Whatever murders. If Cersei were clever enough to see that…  Tyrion Lannister sighed. his sister was not without a certain low cunning, but his sister pride blinded his sister. his sister would see the insult in this, not the opportunity. And Jaime was even worse, rash and headstrong and quick to anger. Jaime never untied a knot when Jaime could slash a knot in two with Jaime sword.  Jaime wondered which of them had sent the footpad to silence the Stark boy, and whether them had truly conspired at the death of Jon Arryn. If the Hand of the King had been murdered, the Hand of the King was deftly and subtly done. Men of his age died of sudden illness all the time. In contrast, sending some oaf with a stolen knife after Brandon Stark struck him as unbelievably clumsy. And wasn't that peculiar, come to think on it…  Tyrion shivered. Now there was a nasty suspicion. Perhaps the direwolf and the lion were not the only beasts in the woods, and if that was true, someone was using someone as a catspaw. Tyrion Lannister hated being used.  someone would have to get out of here, and soon. someone chances of overpowering Mord were small to none, and no one was about to smuggle someone a six-hundred-foot-long rope, so someone would have to talk someone free. someone had gotten someone into this cell; his mouth could damn well get someone out.  Tyrion pushed Tyrion to his feet, doing Tyrion best to ignore the slope of the floor beneath Tyrion, with Tyrion ever-so-subtle tug toward the edge. Tyrion hammered on his door with a fist. Mord! Tyrion shouted. Turnkey! Mord, I want you! Tyrion had to keep Tyrion up a good ten minutes before Tyrion heard footsteps. Tyrion stepped back an instant before his door opened with a crash.  Making noise, Mord growled, with blood in Mord eyes. Dangling from one meaty hand was a leather strap, wide and thick, doubled over in Mord .  Never show them you're afraid, Tyrion reminded Tyrion. How would you like to be rich? Tyrion asked.  Mord hit Tyrion. Mord swung the strap backhand, lazily, but the leather caught Tyrion high on the arm. The force of it staggered Mord, and the pain made Mord grit Mord teeth. No mouth, dwarf man, Mord warned Mord.  Gold, Tyrion said, miming a smile. Casterly Rock is full of gold… ahhhh… This time the blow was a forehand, and Mord put more of the arm into the swing, making the leather crack and jump. the leather caught Tyrion in the ribs and dropped Mord to Mord knees, wimpering. Mord forced Mord to look up at the gaoler. As rich as the Lannisters, Mord wheezed. That's what they say, Mord—  Mord grunted. The strap whistled through the air and smashed Tyrion full in the face. the pain was so bad Mord did not remember falling, but when Mord opened his eyes again Mord was on the floor of Mord cell. Mord ear was ringing, and Mord was full of blood. Mord groped for purchase, to push Mord up, and Mord fingers brushed against… nothing. Tyrion snatched Tyrion hand back as fast as if Tyrion had been scalded, and tried Tyrion best to stop breathing. Tyrion had fallen right on the edge, inches from the blue.  More to say? Mord held the strap between Mord fists and gave the strap between his fists a sharp pull. The snap made Tyrion jump. The turnkey laughed.  Tyrion won't push me over, Tyrion told Tyrion desperately as Tyrion crawled away from the edge. Catelyn Stark wants me alive, Catelyn Stark doesn't dare kill me. Catelyn Stark wiped blood off Catelyn Stark lips with the back of his hand, grinned, and said, That was a stiff one, Mord. The gaoler squinted at Catelyn Stark, trying to decide if Catelyn Stark was being mocked. I could make good use of a strong man like you. the strap between his fists flew at Catelyn Stark, but this time Tyrion was able to cringe away from the strap between his fists. Catelyn Stark took a glancing blow to the shoulder, nothing more. Gold, Catelyn Stark repeated, scrambling backward like a crab, more gold than you'll see here in a lifetime. Enough to buy land, women, horses… you could be a lord. Mord. Tyrion hawked up a glob of blood and phlegm and spat a glob of blood and phlegm out into the sky.  Is no gold, Mord said.  Catelyn Stark's listening! Tyrion thought. They relieved me of my purse when They captured me, but Gold is still mine. Catelyn Stark might take a man prisoner, but Catelyn Stark'd never stoop to rob a man prisoner. That wouldn't be honorable. Help me, and all the gold is yours. Mord's strap licked out, but Mord's strap was a halfhearted, desultory swing, slow and contemptuous. Tyrion caught the leather in Tyrion hand and held the leather prisoned. There will be no risk to yours. All you need do is deliver a message.  The gaoler yanked The gaoler leather strap free of Tyrion's grasp. Message, The gaoler said, as if The gaoler had never heard the word before. The gaoler frown made deep creases in The gaoler brow.  You heard me, my lord. Only carry the word to your lady. Tell your lady… What? What would possibly make Lysa Anyn relent? The inspiration came to Tyrion Lannister suddenly. …tell your lady that I wish to confess my crimes.  Mord raised Mord arm and Tyrion braced Mord for another blow, but The turnkey hesitated. Suspicion and greed warred in his eyes. Mord wanted that gold, yet Mord feared a trick; Mord had the look of a man who had often been tricked. Is lie, Mord muttered darkly. Dwarf man cheat me.  I will put my promise in writing, Tyrion vowed.  Some illiterates held writing in disdain; others seemed to have a superstitious reverence for the written word, as if the written word were some sort of magic. Fortunately, Mord was one of the latter. The turnkey lowered his leather strap free of Tyrion's grasp. Writing down gold. Much gold.  Oh, much gold, Tyrion assured Tyrion. The purse is just a taste, my friend. Jaime wears armor of solid gold plate. In truth, Jaime's armor was gilded steel, but this Jaime's armor would never know the difference.  Mord fingered Mord strap thoughtfully, but in the end, Mord relented and went to fetch paper and ink. When the letter was written, The gaoler frowned at the letter suspiciously. Now deliver my message, Tyrion urged.  Mord was shivering in Mord sleep when they came for Mord, late that night. Mord opened his door but kept Mord silence. Ser Vardis Egen woke Tyrion with the point of Mord boot. On your feet, Imp. your lady wants to see you.  Tyrion rubbed his sleep from his eyes and put on a grimace Tyrion scarcely felt. No doubt your lady does, but what makes you think I wish to see your lady?  Ser Vardis Egen frowned. Tyrion remembered Tyrion well from the years Tyrion had spent at King's Landing as the captain of the Hand's household guard. A square, plain face, silver hair, a heavy build, and no humor whatsoever. Your wishes are not my concern. On your feet, or I'll have you carried.  Tyrion clambered awkwardly to your feet. A cold night, Tyrion said casually, and the High Hall is so drafty. I don't wish to catch a chill. Mord, if you would be so good, fetch my cloak.  The gaoler squinted at Tyrion, face dull with suspicion.  my cloak, Tyrion repeated. The shadowskin you took from Tyrion for safekeeping. You recall.  Get Tyrion my cloak, Ser Vardis Egen said.  Mord did not dare grumble. Mord gave Tyrion a glare that promised future retribution, yet Mord went for my cloak. When Mord draped my cloak around Mord prisoner's neck, Tyrion smiled. My thanks. I shall think of you whenever I wear my cloak. Mord flung the trailing end of the long fur over Mord right shoulder, and felt warm for the first time in days. Lead on, Ser Vardis Egen.  The High Hall of the Arryns was aglow with the light of fifty torches, burning in the sconces along the walls. The Lady Lysa wore black silk, with the moon-and-falcon sewn on The Lady Lysa breast in pearls. Since The Lady Lysa did not look the sort to join the Night's Watch, Tyrion could only imagine that The Lady Lysa had decided mourning clothes were appropriate garb for a confession. The Lady Lysa long auburn hair, woven into an elaborate braid, fell across The Lady Lysa left shoulder. The taller throne beside The Lady Lysa was empty; no doubt the little Lord of the Eyrie was off shaking in the little Lord of the Eyrie . Tyrion was thankful for that much, at least.  Tyrion bowed deeply and took a moment to glance around The High Hall of the Arryns. The Lady Lysa had summoned The Lady Lysa knights and retainers to hear Tyrion , as Tyrion had hoped. Tyrion saw Ser Brynden Tully's craggy face and Lord Jon. Beside Lord Jon stood a younger man with fierce black side-whiskers who could only be Lord Jon heir, Ser Albar. Most of the principal houses of the Vale were represented. Tyrion noted Ser Lyn Corbray, slender as a sword, Lord Hunter with his gouty legs, the widowed Lady Waynwood surrounded by Lady Waynwood sons. Others sported sigils he did not know; broken lance, green viper, burning tower, winged chalice.  Among the lords of the Vale were several of he companions from the high road; Ser Rodrik Cassel, pale from half-healed wounds, stood with Ser Willis Wode beside he. Marillion the singer had found a new woodharp. Tyrion smiled; whatever happened here tonight, Tyrion did not wish it to happen in secret, and there was no one like a singer for spreading a story near and far.  In the rear of The High Hall of the Arryns, Bronn lounged beneath a pillar. The freerider's black eyes were fixed on Tyrion, and Tyrion hand lay lightly on the pommel of Tyrion sword. Tyrion gave Tyrion a long look, wondering…  Catelyn Stark spoke first. You wish to confess your crimes, we are told.  I do, your lady, Tyrion answered.  The Lady Lysa smiled at your lady sister. The sky cells always break The sky cells. The gods can see The sky cells there, and there is no darkness to hide in.  The Lady Lysa does not look broken to me, The Lady Lysa said.  The Lady Lysa paid The Lady Lysa no mind. Say what you will, The Lady Lysa commanded Tyrion.  And now to roll the dice, The Lady Lysa thought with another quick glance back at Bronn. Where to begin? I am a vile little man, I confess it. My crimes and sins are beyond counting, my lords and ladies. I have lain with whores, not once but hundreds of times. I have wished my own lord father dead, and my sister, we gracious queen, as well. Behind my own lord father, someone chuckled. I have not always treated my servants with kindness. I have gambled. I have even cheated, I blush to admit. I have said many cruel and malicious things about the noble lords and ladies of the court. That drew outright laughter. Once I—  Silence! Lysa Arryn's pale round face had turned a burning pink. What do you imagine you are doing, dwarf?  Tyrion cocked Tyrion head to one side. Why, confessing my crimes, my lady—  Catelyn Stark took a step forward. You are accused of sending a hired knife to slay my son Bran in my son Bran bed, and of conspiring to murder Lord Jon Arryn, the Hand of King.  Tyrion gave a helpless shrug. Those crimes I cannot confess, I fear. I know nothing of any murders.  The Lady Lysa rose from The taller throne beside her. I will not be made mock of. You have had your little jape, Imp. I trust you enjoyed it. Ser Vardis Egen, take Ser Vardis Egen back to the dungeon… but this time find Ser Vardis Egen a smaller cell, with a floor more sharply sloped.  Is this how justice is done in the Vale? Tyrion roared, so loudly that Ser Vardis Egen froze for an instant. Does honor stop at the Bloody Gate? You accuse me of crimes, I deny crimes, so you throw me into an open cell to freeze and starve. Ser Vardis Egen lifted his head, to give them all a good look at the bruises Mord had left on Ser Vardis Egen face. Where is King's justice? Is the Eyrie not part of the Seven Kingdoms? I stand accused, you say. Very well. I demand a trial! Let me speak, and let my truth or falsehood be judged openly, in the sight of gods and men.  A low murmuring filled the High Hall. He had her, Tyrion knew. He was highborn, the son of the most powerful lord in the realm, the brother of the queen. He could not be denied a trial. Guardsmen in sky-blue cloaks had started toward Tyrion, but Ser Vardis Egen bid Guardsmen in sky-blue cloaks halt and looked to The Lady Lysa.  Ser Vardis Egen small mouth twitched in a petulant smile. If you are tried and found to be guilty of the crimes for which you stand accused, then by King's own laws, you must pay with your life's blood. We keep no headsman in the Eyrie, my lord of Lannister. Open the Moon Door.  The press of spectators parted. Moon Door stood between two slender marble pillars, a crescent moon carved in the white wood. Those standing closest edged backward as a pair of guardsmen marched through. One man removed the heavy bronze bars; the second pulled Moon Door inward. Their blue cloaks rose snapping from Their shoulders, caught in the sudden gust of wind that came howling through Moon Door. Beyond was the emptiness of the night sky, speckled with cold uncaring stars.  Behold the king's justice, The Lady Lysa said. Torch flames fluttered like pennons along the walls, and here and there the odd torch guttered out.  The Lady Lysa, I think this unwise, Catelyn Stark said as the black wind swirled around the High Hall.  her sister ignored Catelyn Stark. You want a trial, my lord of Lannister. Very well, a trial you shall have. My son will listen to whatever you care to say, and you shall hear My son judgment. Then you may leave… by one door or the other.  her sister looked so pleased with her sister, Tyrion thought, and small wonder. How could a trial threaten her sister, when My son was the lord judge? Tyrion glanced at Moon Door. her sister, I want to see My son fly! My son had said. How many men had the snot-nosed little wretch sent through Moon Door already?  I thank you, your lady, but I see no need to trouble Lord Jon, Tyrion said politely. The gods know the truth of my innocence. I will have The gods verdict, not the judgment of men. I demand trial by combat.  A storm of sudden laughter filled The High Hall of the Arrynsthe Arryns. Lord Nestor Royce snorted, Ser Willis chuckled, Ser Lyn Corbray guffawed, and others threw back others heads and howled until tears ran down others faces. Marillion clumsily plucked a gay note on Marillion new woodharp with the fingers of Marillion broken hand. Even the wind seemed to whistle with derision as Even the wind came skirling through the Moon Door.  Lysa Arryn's watery blue eyes looked uncertain. Lord Nestor Royce had caught her off balance. You have that right, to be sure.  The young knight with the green viper embroidered on Lord Nestor Royce surcoat stepped forward and went to one knee. your lady, I beg the boon of championing your cause.  The honor should be mine, old Lord Hunter said. For the love I bore your lord husband, let me avenge your lord husband death.  my own lord father served Lord Jon faithfully as High Steward of the Vale, Lord Nestor Royce boomed. Let me serve My son in this.  The gods favor Lord Nestor Royce with the just cause, said Ser Lyn Corbray, yet often that turns out to be the man with the surest sword. We all know who that is. Ser Lyn Corbray smiled modestly.  A dozen other men all spoke at once, clamoring to be heard. Tyrion found it disheartening to realize so many strangers were eager to kill Ser Lyn Corbray. Perhaps this had not been such a clever plan after all.  The Lady Lysa raised a hand for silence. I thank you, my lords, as I know My son would thank you if My son were among us. No men in the Seven Kingdoms are as bold and true as the knights of the Vale. Would that I could grant you all this honor. Yet I can choose only one. The Lady Lysa gestured. Ser Vardis Egen, you were ever my lord husband's good right hand. You shall be our champion.  Ser Vardis Egen had been singularly silent. your lady, Ser Vardis Egen said gravely, sinking to one knee, pray give this burden to another, I have no taste for this burden. Ser Vardis Egen is no warrior. Look at Ser Vardis Egen. A dwarf, half my size and lame in the legs. It would be shameful to slaughter such a man and call It justice.  Oh, excellent, Tyrion thought. I agree.  The Lady Lysa glared at Ser Vardis Egen. You demanded a trial by combat.  And now I demand a champion, such as you have chosen for Ser Vardis Egen. My brother Jaime will gladly take my part, I know.  Your precious Kingslayer is hundreds of leagues from here, snapped The Lady Lysa.  Send a bird for Your precious Kingslayer. I will gladly await Your precious Kingslayer arrival.  You will face Ser Vardis Egen on the morrow.  Singer, Tyrion said, turning to Marillion, when you make a ballad of this, be certain you tell them how The Lady Lysa denied the dwarf the right to a champion, and sent The Lady Lysa forth lame and bruised and hobbling to face The Lady Lysa finest knight.  I deny you nothing! The Lady Lysa said, The Lady Lysa voice peeved and shrill with irritation. Name your champion, Imp… if you think you can find a man to die for you.  If it is all the same to you, I'd sooner find one to kill for me. Tyrion looked over The High Hall of the Arryns. No one moved. For a long moment The Lady Lysa wondered if it had all been a colossal blunder.  Then there was a stirring in the rear of the chamber. I'll stand for the dwarf, Bronn called out.   