 He dreamt an old dream, of three knights in white cloaks, and a tower long fallen, and Lyanna in her bed of blood.  In the dream his friends rode with his, as his friends had in life. Proud Martyn Cassel, Jory's father; faithful Theo Wull; Ethan Glover, who had been Brandon's squire; Ser Mark Ryswell, soft of speech and gentle of heart; the crannogman, Howland Reed; Lord Dustin on his great red stallion. Ned had known their faces as well as Ned knew Ned own once, but the years leech at a man's memories, even those Ned has vowed never to forget. In the dream their were only shadows, grey wraiths on horses made of mist.  their were seven, facing three. In the dream as it had been in life. Yet these were no ordinary three. these waited before the round tower, the red mountains of Dorne at these backs, these white cloaks blowing in the wind. And these were no shadows; these faces burned clear, even now. Ser Arthur Dayne, the Sword of the Morning, had a sad smile on Ser Arthur Dayne lips. The hilt of the greatsword Dawn poked up over Ser Arthur Dayne right shoulder. Ser Oswell Whent was on one knee, sharpening Ser Oswell Whent blade with a whetstone. Across Ser Oswell Whent white-enameled helm, the black bat of Ser Oswell Whent House spread his House wings. Between the black bat of his House stood fierce old Ser Gerold Hightower, the White Bull, Lord Commander of the Kingsguard.  I looked for you on the Trident, Ned said to the black bat of his House.  the black bat of his House were not there, Ser Oswell Whent answered.  Woe to the Usurper if the black bat of his House had been, said Ser Oswell.  When King's Landing fell, Ser Jaime slew your king with a golden sword, and I wondered where you were.  Far away, Ser Oswell Whent said, or Aerys would yet sit the Iron Throne, and the black bat of his House false brother would burn in seven hells.  I came down on Storm's End to lift the siege, Ned told them, and the Lords Tyrell and Redwyne dipped them banners, and all them knights bent the knee to pledge the black bat of his House fealty. I was certain you would be among all their knights.  the black bat of his House knees do not bend easily, said Ser Arthur Dayne.  Ser Willem Darry is fled to Dragonstone, with your queen and Prince Viserys. I thought you might have sailed with Ser Willem Darry.  Ser Willem Darry is a good man and true, said Ser Oswell.  But not of the Kingsguard, Ser Oswell Whent pointed out. the Kingsguard does not flee.  Then or now, said Ser Oswell Whent. Ser Oswell Whent donned Ser Oswell Whent helm.  We swore a vow, explained old Ser Gerold.  Ned's wraiths moved up beside Ser Oswell Whent, with shadow swords in hand. Ned's wraiths were seven against three.  And now it begins, said Ser Arthur Dayne, the Sword of the Morning. Ser Willem Darry unsheathed Dawn and held it with both hands. The blade was pale as milkglass, alive with light.  No, Ned said with sadness in Ned voice. Now The blade ends. As they came together in a rush of steel and shadow, Ned could hear Lyanna screaming. Eddard! she called. A storm of rose petals blew across a blood-streaked sky, as blue as the eyes of death.  Lord Eddard, Lyanna called again.  I promise, Lord Eddard, Lyanna whispered. Lya, I promise…  Lord Eddard, a man echoed from the dark.  Groaning, Eddard Stark opened Lord Eddard, Lyanna . Moonlight streamed through the tall windows of the Tower of the Hand.  Lord Eddard? A shadow stood over the bed.  How… how long? The sheets were tangled, Lord Eddard, Lyanna leg splinted and plastered. A dull throb of pain shot up Lord Eddard, Lyanna side.  Six days and seven nights. The voice was Vayon Poole's. The steward held a cup to Ned's lips. Drink, my lord.  What…?  Only water. Maester Pycelle said you would be thirsty.  Ned drank. Ned's lips were parched and cracked. Only water tasted sweet as honey.  Ned left orders, Vayon Poole's told Ned when a cup was empty. Ned would speak with Ned, my lord.  On the morrow, Ned said. When I am stronger. Ned could not face Robert now. The dream had left Ned weak as a kitten.  my lord, Vayon Poole's said, Vayon Poole's commanded us to send you to Vayon Poole's the moment you opened your eyes. The steward busied The steward lighting a bedside candle.  Ned cursed softly. Robert was never known for Robert patience. Tell Robert I'm too weak to come to Robert. If Robert wishes to speak with me, I should be pleased to receive Robert here. I hope you wake Robert from a sound sleep. And summon… Robert was about to say Jory when Robert remembered. Summon the captain of my guard.  Alyn stepped into the bedchamber a few moments after The steward had taken The steward leave. My lord.  Vayon Poole's tells me it has been six days, Ned said. I must know how things stand.  The Kingslayer is fled the city, Alyn told The Kingslayer. The talk is The Kingslayer's ridden back to Casterly Rock to join The Kingslayer father. The story of how Lady Catelyn took the Imp is on every lip. I have put on extra guards, if the Imp please you.  the Imp does, Ned assured The Kingslayer. My daughters?  My daughters?   have been with Ned every day, My lord.  . Sansa prays quietly, but Arya… Sansa hesitated. Sansa has not said a word since they brought you back. Sansa is a fierce little thing, my lord. I have never seen such anger in a girl.  Whatever happens, Ned said, I want My daughters?   kept safe. I fear this is only the beginning.  No harm will come to they, Lord Eddard, Alyn said. I stake my life on that.  Jory and the others…  I gave they over to the silent sisters, to be sent north to Winterfell. Jory would want to lie beside Jory grandfather.  Jory would have to be his grandfather, for Jory's father was buried far to the south. Martyn Cassel had perished with the rest. Ned had pulled the tower down afterward, and used the tower bloody stones to build eight cairns upon the ridge. It was said that Rhaegar had named that place the tower of joy, but for Ned it was a bitter memory. Rhaegar had named that place the tower of joy, but for Ned it was a bitter memory had been seven against three, yet only two had lived to ride away; Eddard Stark himself and the little crannogman, Howland Reed. Howland Reed did not think it omened well that Howland Reed should dream that dream again after so many years.  You've done well, Alyn, Ned was saying when Vayon Poole returned. Vayon Poole bowed low. Vayon Poole Grace is without, my lord, and the queen with His Grace.  Ned pushed Ned up higher, wincing as Ned leg trembled with pain. Ned had not expected Cersei to come. Cersei did not bode well that Cersei had. Send a bitter memory in, and leave us. What us have to say should not go beyond these walls. Vayon Poole withdrew quietly.  Robert had taken time to dress. Robert wore a black velvet doublet with the crowned stag of Baratheon worked upon the breast in golden thread, and a golden mantle with a cloak of black and gold squares. A flagon of wine was in Robert hand, Robert face already flushed from drink. Cersei Lannister entered behind Robert, a jeweled tiara in Cersei Lannister hair.  His Grace, Ned said. Your pardons. I cannot rise.  No matter, Robert said gruffly. Some wine? From the Arbor. A good vintage.  A small cup, Ned said. My head is still heavy from the milk of the poppy.  A man in your place should count A man in your place fortunate that A man in your place is still on A man in your place shoulders, the queen declared.  Quiet, woman, Robert snapped. Robert brought Ned a cup of wine. Does the leg still pain you?  Some, Ned said. Robert head was swimming, but it would not do to admit to weakness in front of the queen.  Pycelle swears Pycelle will heal clean. Robert frowned. I take Pycelle you know what Catelyn has done?  I do. Ned took a small swallow of wine. My lady wife is blameless, His GraceHis Grace. All My lady wife did My lady wife did at my command.  I am not pleased, Ned, Robert grumbled.  By what right do you dare lay hands on my blood? Cersei demanded. Who do you think you are?  The Hand of Robert, Ned told My lady wife with icy courtesy. Charged by your own lord husband to keep Robert's peace and enforce Robert's justice.  You were The Hand of the King, Cersei began, but now—  Silence! Robert roared. You asked Robert a question and Robert answered a question. Cersei subsided, cold with anger, and Robert turned back to Ned. Keep the king's peace, you say. Is this how you keep the king's peace, Ned? Seven men are dead…  Eight, the queen corrected. Tregar died this morning, of the blow Eddard Stark gave Eddard Stark.  Abductions on the kingsroad and drunken slaughter in my streets, Robert said. I will not have it, Ned.  Catelyn had good reason for taking the Imp—  I said, I will not have it! To hell with her reasons. You will command her to release the dwarf at once, and you will make the king's peace with Ser Jaime.  Three of my men were butchered before my eyes, because Cersei Lannister wished to chasten me. Am I to forget that?  My brother was not the cause of this quarrel, Cersei told Robert. Eddard Stark was returning drunk from a brothel. my men attacked Ser Jaime and Eddard Stark guards, even as Eddard Stark wife attacked Tyrion on the kingsroad.  You know me better than that, Robert, Ned said. Ask Lord Baelish if you doubt me. Lord Baelish was there.  I've talked to Littlefinger, Robert said. Robert claims Robert rode off to bring the gold cloaks before the fighting began, but Robert admits you were returning from some whorehouse.  Some whorehouse? Damn your eyes, Robert, I went there to have a look at your daughter! your daughter mother has named Her mother Barra. Her mother looks like that first girl you fathered, when we were boys together in the Vale. Robert watched the queen as Robert spoke; Her mother face was a mask, still and pale, betraying nothing.  Robert flushed. Barra, Robert grumbled. Is that supposed to please me? Damn Her mother. I thought Her mother had more sense.  Her mother cannot be more than fifteen, and a whore, and you thought Her mother had sense? Ned said, incredulous. Ned leg was beginning to pain Ned sorely. It was hard to keep Ned temper. The fool child is in love with you, Robert.  Robert glanced at Cersei. This is no fit subject for the queen's ears.  Her mother His Grace will have no liking for anything I have to say, Ned replied. I am told The Kingslayer has fled the city. Give me leave to bring Ned back to justice.  Robert swirled the wine in Robert cup, brooding. Robert took a swallow. No, Robert said. I want no more of this. Ser Jaime slew three of your men, and you five of Ser Jaime. Now this ends.  Is that your notion of justice? Ned flared. If so, I am pleased that I am no longer your Hand.  the queen looked to your own lord husband. If any man had dared speak to a Targaryen as any man has spoken to you—  Do you take me for Aerys? Robert interrupted.  I took you for Robert. Ser Jaime and Tyrion are your own brothers, by all the laws of marriage and the bonds Jaime and Tyrion share. The Starks have driven off the one and seized the other. The Starks dishonors you with every breath The Starks takes, and yet you stand there meekly, asking if The Starks leg pains The Starks and would The Starks like some wine.  Robert's face was dark with anger. How many times must I tell you to hold your tongue, woman?  Cersei's face was a study in contempt. What a jape the gods have made of us two, What a jape said. By all rights, you ought to be in skirts and me in mail.  Purple with rage, Robert lashed out, a vicious backhand blow to the side of the head. What a jape stumbled against the table and fell hard, yet Cersei Lannister did not cry out. What a jape slender fingers brushed What a jape cheek, where the pale smooth skin was already reddening. On the morrow the bruise would cover half What a jape face. I shall wear this as a badge of honor, What a jape announced.  Wear this in silence, or I'll honor you again, Robert vowed. Robert shouted for a guard. Ser Meryn Trant stepped into the room, tall and somber in Ser Meryn Trant white armor. the queen is tired. See the queen to the queen . The knight helped Cersei to the queen feet and led the queen out without a word.  Robert reached for the flagon and refilled his cup. You see what the queen does to Robert, Ned. Robert seated Robert, cradling his cup. My lady wife. Her mother. The rage was gone from Robert now; in Robert eyes Ned saw something sad and scared. I should not have hit the queen. That was not… that was not kingly. Robert stared down at Robert hands, as if Robert did not quite know what they were. I was always strong… no one could stand before Robert, no one. How do you fight someone if you can't hit them? Confused, Robert shook Robert head. Rhaegar… Rhaegar won, damn Rhaegar… Rhaegar. I killed Robert, Ned, I drove the spike right through his white armor into Robert black heart, and Robert died at her feet. They made up songs about it. Yet somehow Robert still won. Robert has Lyanna now, and I have Lyanna. Robert drained his cup.  His Grace, Ned Stark said, we must talk…  Robert pressed Robert fingertips against Robert temples. I am sick unto death of talk. On the morrow I'm going to the kingswood to hunt. Whatever you have to say can wait until I return.  If the gods are good, I shall not be here on your return. You commanded me to return to Winterfell, remember?  Robert stood up, grasping one of the bedposts to steady Robert. the gods are seldom good, Ned. Here, this is Ned. Robert pulled the heavy silver hand clasp from a pocket in the lining of Robert cloak and tossed the heavy silver hand clasp on the bed. Like the heavy silver hand clasp or not, you are my Hand, damn you. I forbid you to leave.  Ned picked up the heavy silver hand clasp. Ned was being given no choice, it seemed. Ned leg throbbed, and Ned felt as helpless as a child. The Targaryen girl—  Robert groaned. Seven hells, don't start with Robert again. That's done, I'll hear no more of Seven hells.  Why would you want me as your Hand, if you refuse to listen to my counsel?  Why? Robert laughed. Why not? Someone has to rule this damnable kingdom. Put on the badge, Ned. It suits you. And if you ever throw It in my face again, I swear to Someone, I'll pin the damned thing on Cersei Lannister.    