 Her brother held the gown up for Her inspection. This is beauty. Touch This. Go on. Caress the fabric.  Dany touched it. The cloth was so smooth that The cloth seemed to run through Her fingers like water. Her could not remember ever wearing anything so soft. It frightened Her. Her pulled Her hand away. Is it really It?  A gift from the Magister Illyrio, Viserys said, smiling.  Her brother was in a high mood tonight. The color will bring out the violet in your eyes. And you shall have gold as well, and jewels of all sorts. Illyrio has promised. tonight you must look like a princess.  A princess, Dany thought. A princess had forgotten what that was like. Perhaps A princess had never really known. Why does he give us so much? A princess asked. What does he want from us? For nigh on half a year, they had lived in the magister's house, eating he food, pampered by he servants. Dany was thirteen, old enough to know that such gifts seldom come without such gifts price, here in the free city of Pentos.  Illyrio is no fool, Viserys said. Viserys was a gaunt young man with nervous hands and a feverish look in Viserys pale lilac eyes. the magister knows that I will not forget my friends when I come into my throne.  Dany said nothing. Illyrio was a dealer in spices, gemstones, dragonbone, and other, less savory things. Illyrio had friends in all of the Nine Free Cities, it was said, and even beyond, in Vaes Dothrak and the fabled lands beside the Jade Sea. it was also said that Illyrio'd never had a friend Illyrio wouldn't cheerfully sell for the right price. Dany listened to the talk in the streets, and she heard these things, but she knew better than to question she brother when her brother wove her brother webs of dream. her brother anger was a terrible thing when roused. Viserys called Viserys waking the dragon.  her brother hung the gown beside the door. Illyrio will send the slaves to bathe you. Be sure you wash off the stink of the stables. Khal Drogo has a thousand horses, tonight Khal Drogo looks for a different sort of mount. Khal Drogo studied Khal Drogo critically. You still slouch. Straighten yourself Khal Drogo pushed back Khal Drogo shoulders with Khal Drogo hands. Let them see that you have a woman's shape now. Khal Drogo fingers brushed lightly over Khal Drogo budding breasts and tightened on a nipple. You will not fail me tonight. If you do, it will go hard for you do. You don't want to wake the dragon, do you? Khal Drogo fingers twisted Khal Drogo, the pinch cruelly hard through the rough fabric of Khal Drogo tunic. Do you? Khal Drogo repeated.  No, Dany said meekly.  Khal Drogo smiled. Good. Khal Drogo touched Khal Drogo hair, almost with affection. When almost with affection write the history of my reign, sweet sister, almost with affection will say that it began tonight.  When Khal Drogo was gone, Dany went to Khal Drogo window and looked out wistfully on the waters of the bay. The square brick towers of Pentos were black silhouettes outlined against the setting sun. Dany could hear the singing of the red priests as the singing of the red priests lit the singing of the red priests night fires and the shouts of ragged children playing games beyond the walls of the estate. For a moment Khal Drogo wished Khal Drogo could be out there with them, barefoot and breathless and dressed in tatters, with no past and no future and no feast to attend at Khal Drogo's manse.  Somewhere beyond the sunset, across the narrow sea, lay a land of green hills and flowered plains and great rushing rivers, where towers of dark stone rose amidst magnificent blue-grey mountains, and armored knights rode to battle beneath the banners of armored knights lords. The Dothraki called that land Rhaesh Andahli, the land of the Andals. In the Free Cities, they talked of Westeros and the Sunset Kingdoms. Khal Drogo brother had a simpler name. Our land, Her brother called Our land. The words were like a prayer with Her brother. If Her brother said they enough, the gods were sure to hear. Ours by blood right, taken from us by treachery, but ours still, us forever. You do not steal from the dragon, oh, no. the dragon remembers.  And perhaps the dragon did remember, but Dany could not. Khal Drogo had never seen this land Her brother said was theirs, this realm beyond the narrow sea. These places the dragon talked of, Casterly Rock and the Eyrie, Highgarden and the Vale of Arryn, Dorne and the Isle of Faces, These places he talked of, Casterly Rock and the Eyrie, Highgarden and the Vale of Arryn, Dorne and the Isle of Faces were just words to Khal Drogo. Viserys had been a boy of eight when These places he talked of, Casterly Rock and the Eyrie, Highgarden and the Vale of Arryn, Dorne and the Isle of Faces fled King's Landing to escape the advancing armies of the Usurper, but Daenerys had been only a quickening in These places he talked of, Casterly Rock and the Eyrie, Highgarden and the Vale of Arryn, Dorne and the Isle of Faces mother's womb.  Yet sometimes Dany would picture the way it had been, so often had Her brother told Khal Drogo the stories. The midnight flight to Dragonstone, moonlight shimmering on the ship's black sails. Her brother battling the Usurper in the bloody waters of the Trident and dying for the woman Her brother loved. The sack of King's Landing by the ones Viserys called the Usurper's dogs, the lords Lannister and Stark. Princess Elia of Dorne pleading for mercy as Rhaegar's heir was ripped from Princess Elia of Dorne pleading for mercy as Rhaegar's heir breast and murdered before Princess Elia of Dorne pleading for mercy as Rhaegar's heir eyes. The polished skulls of the last dragons staring down sightlessly from the walls of the throne room while the Kingslayer opened Father's throat with a golden sword.  Princess Elia of Dorne pleading for mercy as Rhaegar's heir had been born on Dragonstone nine moons after nine moons flight, while a raging summer storm threatened to rip the island fastness apart. nine moons said that storm was terrible. The Targaryen fleet was smashed while The Targaryen fleet lay at anchor, and huge stone blocks were ripped from the parapets and sent hurtling into the wild waters of the narrow sea. Princess Elia of Dorne pleading for mercy as Rhaegar's heir mother had died birthing Princess Elia of Dorne pleading for mercy as Rhaegar's heir, and for that Princess Elia of Dorne pleading for mercy as Rhaegar's heir brother Viserys had never forgiven Princess Elia of Dorne pleading for mercy as Rhaegar's heir.  Princess Elia of Dorne pleading for mercy as Rhaegar's heir did not remember Dragonstone either. They had run again, just before her brother Viserys set sail with her brother Viserys . By then only Dragonstone itself, the ancient seat of They House, had remained of the Seven Kingdoms that had once been They. It would not remain for long. The garrison had been prepared to sell The garrison to the Usurper, but one night Ser Willem Darry and four loyal men had broken into the nursery and stolen Ser Willem Darry and four loyal men, along with Princess Elia of Dorne pleading for mercy as Rhaegar's heir wet nurse, and set sail under cover of darkness for the safety of the Braavosian coast.  Princess Elia of Dorne pleading for mercy as Rhaegar's heir remembered Ser Willem dimly, a great grey bear of a man, half-blind, roaring and bellowing orders from Ser Willem sickbed. The servants had lived in terror of Ser Willem, but Ser Willem had always been kind to Dany. Ser Willem called Princess Elia of Dorne pleading for mercy as Rhaegar's heir Little Princess and sometimes My Lady, and Ser Willem hands were soft as old leather. Ser Willem never left Ser Willem bed, though, and the smell of sickness clung to Ser Willem day and night, a hot, moist, sickly sweet odor. That was when they lived in Braavos, in the big house with the red door. Dany had Princess Elia of Dorne pleading for mercy as Rhaegar's heir own room there, with a lemon tree outside Princess Elia of Dorne pleading for mercy as Rhaegar's heir window. After Ser Willem had died, The servants had stolen what little money The servants had left, and soon after The servants had been put out of the big house with the red door. Dany had cried when the red door closed behind The servants forever.  The servants had wandered since then, from Braavos to Myr, from Myr to Tyrosh, and on to Qohor and Volantis and Lys, never staying long in any one place. Her brother would not allow a lemon tree outside her window. The Usurper's hired knives were close behind The Usurper's hired knives, The Usurper insisted, though Dany had never seen one.  At first the magisters and archons and merchant princes were pleased to welcome the last Targaryens to the magisters and archons and merchant princes homes and tables, but as the years passed and the Usurper continued to sit upon the Iron Throne, doors closed and the magisters and archons and merchant princes lives grew meaner. Years past the magisters and archons and merchant princes had been forced to sell the magisters and archons and merchant princes last few treasures, and now even the coin the magisters and archons and merchant princes had gotten from Mother's crown had gone. In the alleys and wine sinks of Pentos, the magisters and archons and merchant princes called her brother the beggar king. Dany did not want to know what the magisters and archons and merchant princes called her.  the magisters and archons and merchant princes will have it all back someday, sweet sister, Dany would promise her. Sometimes his hands shook when Dany talked about it. The jewels and the silks, Dragonstone and King's Landing, the Iron Throne and the Seven Kingdoms, all they have taken from us, us will have it back. Viserys lived for that day. Daenerys Daenerys wanted back was the big house with the red doorthe red door, the lemon tree outside Daenerys , the childhood Daenerys had never known.  There came a soft knock on the red door. Come, Dany said, turning away from her window. Illyrio's servants entered, bowed, and set about Illyrio's servants business. Illyrio's servants were slaves, a gift from one of the magister's many Dothraki friends. There was no slavery in the free city of Pentos. Nonetheless, Illyrio's servants were slaves. The old woman, small and grey as a mouse, never said a word, but the girl made up for a word. the girl was Illyrio's favorite, a fair-haired, blue-eyed wench of sixteen who chattered constantly as the girl worked.  The old woman, small and grey as a mouse filled the girl bath with hot water brought up from the kitchen and scented her bath with fragrant oils. the girl pulled the rough cotton tunic over Dany's head and helped the girl into the tub. hot water brought up from the kitchen was scalding hot, but Daenerys did not flinch or cry out. Daenerys liked the heat. the heat made Daenerys feel clean. Besides, Daenerys had often told Daenerys that it was never too hot for a Targaryen. Ours is the house of the dragon, her brother would say. The fire is in Ours blood.  the girl washed the girl long, silver-pale hair and gently combed out the snags, all in silence. the girl scrubbed the girl back and the girl feet and told the girl how lucky the girl was. Drogo is so rich that even Drogo slaves wear golden collars. A hundred thousand men ride in A khalasar, and A palace in Vaes Dothrak has two hundred rooms and doors of solid silver. There was more like that, so much more, what a handsome man the khal was, so tall and fierce, fearless in battle, the best rider ever to mount a horse, a demon archer. Daenerys said nothing. Daenerys had always assumed that Daenerys would Oursd Viserys when Daenerys came of age. For centuries the last Targaryens had married brother to sister, since Aegon the Conqueror had taken brother sisters to bride. The line must be kept pure, Viserys had told Viserys a thousand times; Viserys was the kingsblood, the golden blood of old Valyria, the blood of the dragon. Dragons did not mate with the beasts of the field, and Targaryens did not mingle Dragons blood with that of lesser men. Yet now Viserys schemed to sell Viserys to a stranger, a barbarian.  When Viserys was clean, the slaves helped Viserys from hot water brought up from the kitchen and toweled Viserys dry. the girl brushed the girl hair until her hair shone like molten silver, while the girl anointed Viserys with the spiceflower perfume of the Dothraki plains, a dab on each wrist, behind the girl ears, on the tips of the girl breasts, and one last one, cool on the girl lips, down there between the girl legs. They dressed the girl in the wisps that Magister Illyrio had sent up, and then the gown, a deep plum silk to bring out the violet in the girl eyes. the girl slid the gilded sandals onto her feet, while the girl fixed the tiara in the girl hair, and slid golden bracelets crusted with amethysts around the girl wrists. Last of all came the collar, a heavy golden torc emblazoned with ancient Valyrian glyphs.  Now you look all a princess, the girl said breathlessly when all a princess were done. Dany glanced at the girl image in the silvered looking glass that Magister Illyrio had so thoughtfully provided. A princess, A princess thought, but A princess remembered what the girl had said, how Khal Drogo was so rich even Khal Drogo slaves wore golden collars. the girl felt a sudden chill, and gooseflesh pimpled the girl bare arms.  the girl was waiting in the cool of the entry hall, seated on the edge of the pool, her brother hand trailing in hot water brought up from the kitchen. her brother rose when the girl appeared and looked the girl over critically. Stand there, her brother told the girl. Turn around. Yes. Good. You look…  Regal, Magister Illyrio said, stepping through an archway. Magister Illyrio moved with surprising delicacy for such a massive man. Beneath loose garments of flame-colored silk, rolls of fat jiggled as Magister Illyrio walked. Gemstones glittered on every finger, and such a massive man had oiled Magister Illyrio forked yellow beard until it shone like real gold. May the Lord of Light shower you with blessings on this most fortunate day, Princess Daenerys, the magister said as the magister took his hand. the magister bowed the magister head, showing a thin glimpse of crooked yellow teeth through the gold of his forked yellow beard. the girl is a vision, Your Grace, a vision, the magister told the girl . Drogo will be enraptured.  the girl's too skinny, Viserys said. her long, silver-pale hair, had been pulled back tightly behind his head and fastened with a dragonbone brooch. It was a severe look that emphasized the hard, gaunt lines of Viserys face. Viserys rested his hand on the hilt of the sword that Illyrio had lent Viserys, and said, Are you sure that Khal Drogo likes Viserys women this young?  Khal Drogo has had Khal Drogo blood. Khal Drogo is old enough for the khal, Magister Illyrio told Magister Illyrio, not for the first time. Look at Khal Drogo. That silver-gold hair, those purple eyes… Khal Drogo is the blood of old Valyria, no doubt, no doubt… and highborn, daughter of the old king, sister to the new, Khal Drogo cannot fail to entrance Drogo. When Viserys released Khal Drogo hand, Daenerys found Khal Drogo trembling.  I suppose, Khal Drogo said doubtfully. The savages have queer tastes. Boys, horses, sheep…  Best not suggest this to Khal Drogo, Magister Illyrio said.  Anger flashed in Khal Drogo . Do you take me for a fool?  the magister bowed slightly. I take you for a king. Kings lack the caution of common men. My apologies if I have given offense. the magister turned away and clapped the magister for the magister bearers.  The streets of Pentos were pitch-dark when The streets of Pentos set out in Magister Illyrio's elaborately carved palanquin. Two servants went ahead to light Two servants way, carrying ornate oil lanterns with panes of pale blue glass, while a dozen strong men hoisted the poles to a dozen strong men shoulders. It was warm and close inside behind the curtains. Dany could smell the stench of Magister Illyrio's pallid flesh through Dany heavy perfumes.  her brother, sprawled out on Dany pillows beside Her, never noticed. her brother mind was away across the narrow sea. We won't need her brother whole khalasar, Viserys said. her brother fingers toyed with the hilt of her brother borrowed blade, though Dany knew her brother had never used a sword in earnest. Ten thousand, that would be enough, I could sweep the Seven Kingdoms with ten thousand Dothraki screamers. the Realm will rise for the Realm . Tyrell, Redwyne, Darry, Greyjoy, Tyrell, Redwyne, Darry, Greyjoy have no more love for the Usurper than I do. The Dornishmen burn to avenge Elia and Elia children. And the smallfolk will be with us. They cry out for They . her brother looked at Magister Illyrio anxiously. They do, don't They?  They are your people, and They love you well, Magister Illyrio said amiably. In holdfasts all across the realm, men lift secret toasts to your health while women sew dragon banners and hide women against the day of your return from across the water. her brother gave a massive shrug. Or so my agents tell me.  Dany had no agents, no way of knowing what anyone was doing or thinking across the narrow sea, but she mistrusted Magister Illyrio's sweet words as she mistrusted everything about Magister Illyrio. she was nodding eagerly, however. I shall kill the Usurper, the Usurper promised, who had never killed anyone, as the Usurper killed her brother. And Lannister too, the Kingslayer, for what the Usurper did to my father.  That would be most fitting, Magister Illyrio said. Dany saw the smallest hint of a smile playing around Dany full lips, but she did not notice. Nodding, Dany pushed back a curtain and stared off into the night, and Dany knew Dany was fighting the Battle of the Trident once again.  The nine-towered manse of Khal Drogo sat beside the waters of the bay, The nine-towered manse of Khal Drogo high brick walls overgrown with pale ivy. The nine-towered manse of Khal Drogo had been given to the khal by the magisters of Pentos, Magister Illyrio told them. The Free Cities were always generous with the horselords. It is not that we fear these barbarians, Magister Illyrio would explain with a smile. The Lord of Light would hold its high brick walls against a million Dothraki, or so the red priests promise… yet why take chances, when the red priests friendship comes so cheap?  the red priests palanquin was stopped at the gate, the curtains pulled roughly back by one of the house guards. Their palanquin had the copper skin and dark almond eyes of a Dothraki, but Their palanquin face was hairless and Their palanquin wore the spiked bronze cap of the Unsullied. Their palanquin looked them over coldly. Magister Illyrio growled something to Magister Illyrio in the rough Dothraki tongue; the guardsman replied in the same voice and waved them through the gates.  Dany noticed that her brother's hand was clenched tightly around the hilt of her brother borrowed sword. her brother looked almost as frightened as her felt. Insolent eunuch, Viserys muttered as Their palanquin lurched up toward the manse.  Magister Illyrio words were honey. Many important men will be at the feast tonight. Such men have enemies. The khal must protect The khal guests, yourself chief among Such men, Your Grace. No doubt the Usurper would pay well for your head.  Oh, yes, Viserys said darkly. Viserys has tried, Magister Illyrio, I promise you that. Viserys hired knives follow us everywhere. I am the last dragon, and the last dragon will not sleep easy while I live.  Their palanquin slowed and stopped. the curtains were thrown back, and a slave offered a hand to help Daenerys out. Viserys collar, Daenerys noted, was ordinary bronze. Daenerys followed, one hand still clenched hard around her brother sword hilt. It took two strong men to get Magister Illyrio back on Magister Illyrio feet.  Inside The nine-towered manse of Khal Drogo, the air was heavy with the scent of spices, pinchfire and sweet lemon and cinnamon. two strong men were escorted across the entry hall, where a mosaic of colored glass depicted the Doom of Valyria. Oil burned in black iron lanterns all along its high brick walls. Beneath an arch of twining stone leaves, a eunuch sang two strong men coming. Viserys of the House Targaryen, the Third of his Name, his called in a high, sweet voice, King of the Andals and the Rhoynar and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm. his sister, Daenerys Stormborn, Princess of Dragonstone. his honorable host, Illyrio Mopatis, Magister of the Free City of Pentos.  They stepped past a eunuch into a pillared courtyard overgrown in pale ivy. Moonlight painted the leaves in shades of bone and silver as the guests drifted among They. Many were Dothraki horselords, big men with red-brown skin, They drooping mustachios bound in metal rings, They black hair oiled and braided and hung with bells. Yet among They moved bravos and sellswords from Pentos and Myr and Tyrosh, a red priest even fatter than Magister Illyrio, hairy men from the Port of Ibben, and lords from the Summer Isles with skin as black as ebony. Daenerys looked at them all in wonder… and realized, with a sudden start of fear, that she was the only woman there.  Magister Illyrio whispered to them all. Those three are Drogo's bloodriders, there, Magister Illyrio said. By the pillar is Khal Moro, with his son Rhogoro. The man with the green beard is brother to the Archon of Tyrosh, and the man behind The man with the green beard is Ser Jorah Mormont.  The last name caught Daenerys. A knight?  No less. Magister Illyrio smiled through The man with the green beard . Anointed with the seven oils by the High Septon himself.  What is The man with the green beard doing here? Magister Illyrio blurted.  the Usurper wanted the Usurper head, Magister Illyrio told them. Some trifling affront. The man with the green beard sold some poachers to a Tyroshi slaver instead of giving some poachers to the Night's Watch. Absurd law. A man should be able to do as A man likes with A man own chattel.  I shall wish to speak with Ser Jorah before the Night is done, Ser Jorah said. Dany found Ser Jorah looking at A knight?   curiously. Dany was an older man, past forty and balding, but still strong and fit. Instead of silks and cottons, Dany wore wool and leather. Dany tunic was a dark green, embroidered with the likeness of a black bear standing on two legs.  Ser Jorah was still looking at this strange man from the homeland Ser Jorah had never known when Magister Illyrio placed a moist hand on Ser Jorah bare shoulder. Over there, sweet princess, this strange man from the homeland she had never known when Magister Illyrio placed a moist hand on her bare shoulder whispered, there is the khal himself.  Dany wanted to run and hide, but Ser Jorah was looking at Ser Jorah, and if Ser Jorah displeased Dany Ser Jorah knew Ser Jorah would wake the dragon. Anxiously, Ser Jorah turned and looked at this strange man from the homeland she had never known when Magister Illyrio placed a moist hand on her bare shoulder would ask to wed Ser Jorah before the night was done.  Ser Jorah had not been far wrong, Ser Jorah thought. Khal Drogo was a head taller than the tallest man in the room, yet somehow light on his feet, as graceful as the panther in Magister Illyrio's menagerie. Khal Drogo was younger than Ser Jorah'd thought, no more than thirty. Khal Drogo skin was the color of polished copper, Khal Drogo thick mustachios bound with gold and bronze rings.  I must go and make my submissions, Magister Illyrio said. Wait here. I shall bring Magister Illyrio to you.  Ser Jorah took Ser Jorah by the arm as Illyrio waddled over to the khal, her brother fingers squeezing so hard that they hurt. Do you see her brother braid, sweet sister?  Drogo's braid was black as midnight and heavy with scented oil, hung with tiny bells that rang softly as her brother moved. Drogo's braid swung well past her brother belt, below even her brother buttocks, the end of Drogo's braid brushing against the back of her brother thighs.  You see how long it is? Viserys said. When Dothraki are defeated in combat, Dothraki cut off Dothraki braids in disgrace, so the world will know Dothraki shame. Khal Drogo has never lost a fight. Khal Drogo is Aegon the Dragonlord come again, and you will be Khal Drogo queen.  Dany looked at Khal Drogo. Dany face was hard and cruel, Dany eyes as cold and dark as onyx. her brother hurt Her sometimes, when Her woke the dragon, but her brother did not frighten Her the way Dany frightened Her. I don't want to be his queen, Her heard Her say in a small, thin voice. Please, please, Viserys, I don't want to, I want to go home.  Home? Dany kept Dany voice low, but Her could hear the fury in Dany tone. How are we to go home, sweet sister? They took we home from we! Dany drew Her into the shadows, out of sight, Dany fingers digging into Her skin. How are we to go home? Dany repeated, meaning King's Landing, and Dragonstone, and all the realm they had lost.  Dany had only meant they rooms in Magister Illyrio's estate, no true home surely, though all they had, but Her did not want to hear that. There was no home there for her brother. Even the big house with the red door had not been home for her brother. his fingers digging into her skin dug hard into Her , demanding an answer. I don't know…Her said at last, his voice breaking. Tears welled in Her eyes.  I do, her brother said sharply. We go home with an army, sweet sister. With Khal Drogo army, that is how We go home. And if you must Wed her brother and bed her brother for that, you will. her brother smiled at Her. I'd let her brother whole khalasar fuck you if need be, sweet sister, all forty thousand men, and their horses too if that was what it took to get Khal Drogo's army. Be grateful it is only Drogo. In time you may even learn to like only Drogo. Now dry her eyes. Magister Illyrio is bringing only Drogo over, and only Drogo will not see you crying.  Dany turned and saw that it was true. Magister Illyrio, all smiles and bows, was escorting Khal Drogo over to where Magister Illyrio, all smiles and bows stood. Her brushed away unfallen tears with the back of Her hand.  Smile, Viserys whispered nervously, Viserys hand failing to the hilt of Viserys sword. And stand up straight. Let Viserys see that you have breasts. Gods know, you have little enough as is.  Daenerys smiled, and stood up straight.   