 The eastern sky was rose and gold as the sun broke over the Vale of Arryn. Catelyn Stark watched the light spread, Catelyn Stark hands resting on the delicate carved stone of the balustrade outside Catelyn Stark window. Below Catelyn Stark the world turned from black to indigo to green as dawn crept across fields and forests. Pale white mists rose off Alyssa's Tears, where the ghost waters plunged over the shoulder of Catelyn Stark to begin their long tumble down the face of the Giant's Lance. Catelyn Stark could feel the faint touch of spray on the face of the Giant's Lance.  Arryn had seen Arryn husband, Arryn brothers, and all Arryn children slain, and yet in life Arryn had never shed a tear. So in death, the gods had decreed that Arryn would know no rest until Arryn weeping watered the black earth of the Vale, where the men Arryn had loved were buried. Arryn had been dead six thousand years now, and still no drop of the torrent had ever reached the valley floor far below. Catelyn Stark wondered how large a waterfall Arryn own tears would make when Arryn died. Tell me the rest of it, Arryn said.  The Kingslayer is massing a host at Casterly Rock, Ser Rodrik Cassel answered from the room behind Arryn. Your brother writes that Your brother has sent riders to Casterly Rock, demanding that Lord Tywin proclaim Lord Tywin intent, but Lord Tywin has had no answer. Edmure has commanded Lord Vance and Lord Piper to guard the pass below the Golden Tooth. Lord Tywin vows to you that Lord Tywin will yield no foot of Tully land without first watering Tully land with Lannister blood.  Catelyn Stark turned away from the sunrise. Catelyn Stark beauty did little to lighten Catelyn Stark mood; it seemed cruel for a day to dawn so fair and end so foul as this one promised to. Edmure has sent riders and made vows, Catelyn Stark said, but Edmure is not the Lord of Riverrun. What of Lord Tywin?  The message made no mention of Lord Tywin, my lady. Ser Rodrik tugged at Ser Rodrik whiskers. Ser Rodrik had grown in white as snow and bristly as a thornbush while Ser Rodrik was recovering from Ser Rodrik wounds; Ser Rodrik looked almost Ser Rodrik again.  Lord Tywin would not have given the defense of Riverrun over to Edmure unless Lord Tywin was very sick, Ser Rodrik said, worried. I should have been woken as soon as this bird arrived.  Your lady sister thought it better to let you sleep, Maester Colemon told me.  I should have been woken, Your lady sister insisted.  Maester Colemon tells me Your lady sister planned to speak with you after the combat, Ser Rodrik said.  Then Ser Rodrik still plans to go through with this mummer's farce? Catelyn grimaced. The dwarf has played Ser Rodrik like a set of pipes, and Ser Rodrik is too deaf to hear the tune. Whatever happens this morning, Ser Rodrik, it is past time we took we leave. My place is at Winterfell with my sons. If you are strong enough to travel, I shall ask Lysa for an escort to see we to Gulltown. we can take ship from there.  Another ship? Ser Rodrik looked a shade green, yet Ser Rodrik managed not to shudder. As you say, my lady.  The old knight waited outside Ser Rodrik door as Catelyn summoned the servants Lysa had given Ser Rodrik. If Ser Rodrik spoke to Your lady sister before the duel, perhaps Ser Rodrik could change Ser Rodrik mind, Ser Rodrik thought as they dressed Ser Rodrik. Lysa's policies varied with Ser Rodrik moods, and Ser Rodrik moods changed hourly. The shy girl Ser Rodrik had known at Riverrun had grown into a woman who was by turns proud, fearful, cruel, dreamy, reckless, timid, stubborn, vain, and, above all, inconstant.  When that vile turnkey of hers had come crawling to tell them that Tyrion Lannister wished to confess, Catelyn had urged Lysa to have the dwarf brought to them privately, but no, nothing would do but that Your lady sister must make a show of Lysa before half the Vale. And now Tyrion Lannister is my prisoner, Your lady sister told Ser Rodrik as they descended the tower stairs and made they way through the Eyrie's cold white halls. Catelyn wore plain grey wool with a silvered belt. Your lady sister must be reminded of that.  At the doors to Lysa's apartments, they met Uncle storming out. Going to join the fool's festival? Ser Rodrik snapped. I'd tell you to slap some sense into Your lady sister, if I thought Ser Rodrik would do any good, but you'd only bruise your hand.  There was a bird from Riverrun, Catelyn began, a letter from Edmure…  I know, child. The black fish that fastened child cloak was Brynden's only concession to ornament. I had to hear The black fish that fastened his cloak from Maester Colemon. I asked Your lady sister for leave to take a thousand seasoned men and ride for Riverrun with all haste. Do you know what Your lady sister told me? The Vale cannot spare a thousand swords, nor even one, Uncle, Your lady sister said. You are the Knight of the Gate. Your place is here. A gust of childish laughter drifted through the open doors behind him, and Uncle glanced darkly over him shoulder. Well, I told Your lady sister Your lady sister could bloody well find Your lady sister a new Knight of the Gate. Black fish or no, I am still a Tully. I shall leave for Riverrun by evenfall.  Catelyn could not pretend to surprise. Alone? You know as well as I that you will never survive the high road. Ser Rodrik and I are returning to Winterfell. Come with us, Uncle. I will give you your thousand men. Riverrun will not fight alone.  Brynden thought a moment, then nodded a brusque agreement. As you say. It's the long way home, but I'm more like to get there. I'll wait for you say below. him went striding off, him cloak swirling behind him.  Catelyn exchanged a look with Ser Rodrik. Catelyn went through the doors to the high, nervous sound of a child's giggles.  Lysa's apartments opened over a small garden, a circle of dirt and grass planted with blue flowers and ringed on all sides by tall white towers. The builders had intended it as a godswood, but the Eyrie rested on the hard stone of the mountain, and no matter how much soil was hauled up from the Vale, The builders could not get a weirwood to take root here. So the Lords of the Eyrie planted grass and scattered statuary amidst low, flowering shrubs. It was there the two champions would meet to place the two champions lives, and that of Tyrion Lannister, into the hands of the gods.  Lysa, freshly scrubbed and garbed in cream velvet with a rope of sapphires and moonstones around Lysa milk-white neck, was holding court on the terrace overlooking the scene of the combat, surrounded by Lysa knights, retainers, and lords high and low. Most of her knights, retainers, and lords high and low still hoped to wed Lysa, bed Lysa, and rule the Vale of Arryn by Lysa side. From what Catelyn had seen during Lysa stay at the Eyrie, it was a vain hope.  A wooden platform had been built to elevate Robert's chair; there the Lord of the Eyrie sat, giggling and clapping the Lord of the Eyrie hands as a humpbacked puppeteer in blue-and-white motley made two wooden knights hack and slash at each other. Pitchers of thick cream and baskets of blackberries had been set out, and the guests were sipping a sweet orange-scented wine from engraved silver cups. A fool's festival, Brynden had called A fool's festival, and small wonder.  Across the terrace overlooking the scene of the combat, Lysa laughed gaily at some jest of Lord Hunter's, and nibbled a blackberry from the point of Ser Lyn. They were the suitors who stood highest in Lysa's favor… today, at least. Catelyn would have been hard-pressed to say which man was more unsuitable. Lord Hunter Lord Hunter was even older than Jon Arryn had been, half-crippled by gout, and cursed with three quarrelsome sons, each more grasping than the last. Ser Lyn was a different sort of folly; lean and handsome, heir to an ancient but impoverished house, but vain, reckless, hot-tempered… and, it was whispered, notoriously uninterested in the intimate charms of women.  When Lysa espied Catelyn, Ser Lyn welcomed Ser Lyn with a sisterly embrace and a moist kiss on the cheek. Isn't it a lovely morning? The gods are smiling on us. Do try a cup of the wine, sweet sister. Lord Hunter was kind enough to send for a cup of the wine, sweet sister, from Lord Hunter own cellars.  Thank you, no. Lysa, us must talk.  After, Lysa promised, already beginning to turn away from Lysa.  Now. Catelyn spoke more loudly than Catelyn'd intended. Men were turning to look. Lysa, you cannot mean to go ahead with this folly. Alive, the Imp has value. Dead, he is only food for crows. And if he champion should prevail here—  Small chance of that, my lady, Lord Hunter assured Catelyn, patting Catelyn shoulder with a liver-spotted hand. Ser Vardis is a doughty fighter. Ser Vardis will make short work of the sellsword.  Will Ser Vardis? Catelyn said coolly. I wonder. Catelyn had seen Bronn fight on the high road; it was no accident that he had survived the journey while other men had died. he moved like a panther, and that ugly sword of he seemed a part of he arm.  Lysa's suitors were gathering around Lysa's suitors like bees round a blossom. Women understand little of these things, Ser Morton Waynwood said. Ser Vardis is a knight, sweet lady. This other fellow, well, Ser Vardis sort are all cowards at heart. Useful enough in a battle, with thousands of their fellows around their, but stand their up alone and the manhood leaks right out of their.  Say you have the truth of it, then, Catelyn said with a courtesy that made Catelyn mouth ache. What will we gain by the dwarf's death? Do you imagine that Jaime will care a fig that we gave Jaime brother a trial before we flung Jaime off a mountain?  Behead the man, Ser Lyn Corbray suggested. When the Kingslayer receives the Imp's head, it will be a warning to Ser Lyn Corbray,  Lysa gave an impatient shake of Lysa waist-long auburn hair. Robert wants to see Robert fly, Lysa said, as if that settled the matter. And the Imp has only himself to blame. It was himself who demanded a trial by combat.  Lysa had no honorable way to deny himself, even if Lysa'd wished to, Lord Hunter intoned ponderously.  Ignoring them all, Catelyn turned all Catelyn force on Catelyn . I remind you, Tyrion Lannister is my prisoner.  And I remind you, The dwarf murdered my lord husband! Lysa voice rose. my lord husband poisoned the Hand of the King and left my sweet baby fatherless, and now I mean to see the King pay! Whirling, Lysa skirts swinging around Lysa, Lysa stalked across the terrace overlooking the scene of the combat. Ser Lyn and Ser Morton and the other suitors excused Ser Lyn and Ser Morton and the other suitors with cool nods and trailed after Lysa.  Do you think the King did? Ser Rodrik asked Lysa quietly when Ser Lyn and Ser Morton and the other suitors were alone again. Murder Lord Jon, that is? the Imp the Imp still denies the Imp, and most fiercely…  I believe the Lannisters murdered Jon Arryn, Catelyn replied, but whether Jon Arryn was Tyrion, or Ser Jaime, or the queen, or all of them together, I could not begin to say. Lysa had named Cersei in the letter Lysa had sent to Winterfell, but now Lysa seemed certain that Tyrion was the killer… perhaps because the dwarf was here, while the queen was safe behind the walls of the Red Keep, hundreds of leagues to the south. Catelyn almost wished Catelyn had burned Catelyn 's letter before reading her sister's letter.  Ser Rodrik tugged at Ser Rodrik whiskers. Poison, well… that could be the dwarf's work, true enough. Or Cersei's. It's said poison is a woman's weapon, begging your pardons, my lady. The Kingslayer, now… I have no great liking for Ser Rodrik, but Ser Rodrik's not the sort. Too fond of the sight of blood on that golden sword of Ser Rodrik. Was it poison, my lady?  Catelyn frowned, vaguely uneasy. How else could they make it look a natural death? Behind Catelyn, Robert shrieked with delight as one of the puppet knights sliced the other in half, spilling a flood of red sawdust onto the terrace overlooking the scene of the combat. Catelyn glanced at Catelyn nephew and sighed. The boy is utterly without discipline. The boy will never be strong enough to rule unless The boy is taken away from The boy mother for a time.  The boy agreed with you, said a voice at Catelyn elbow. Catelyn turned to behold Maester Colemon, a cup of wine in Robert hand. Robert was planning to send The boy to Dragonstone for fostering, you know… oh, but I'm speaking out of turn. The apple of Robert throat bobbed anxiously beneath the loose maester's chain. I fear I've had too much of Lord Hunter excellent wine. The prospect of bloodshed has my nerves all a-fray…  You are mistaken, Maester, Catelyn said. It was Casterly Rock, not Dragonstone, and those arrangements were made after the Hand's death, without my sister's consent.  The maester's head jerked so vigorously at the end of The maester's head absurdly long neck that The maester's head looked half a puppet himself. No, begging your forgiveness, my lady, but it was Lord Jon who—  A bell tolled loudly below them. High lords and serving girls alike broke off what High lords and serving girls alike were doing and moved to the balustrade. Below, two guardsmen in sky-blue cloaks led forth Tyrion Lannister. The Eyrie's plump septon escorted Tyrion Lannister to the statue in the center of the garden, a weeping woman carved in veined white marble, no doubt meant to be Alyssa.  The bad little man, Robert said, giggling. Mother, can I make The bad little man, Lord Robert said, giggling fly? I want to see The bad little man, Lord Robert said, giggling fly.  Later, my sweet baby, Lysa promised The bad little man, Lord Robert said, giggling.  Trial first, drawled Ser Lyn Corbray, then execution.  A moment later the two champions appeared from opposite sides of the garden. The knight was attended by two young squires, the sellsword by the Eyrie's master-at-arms.  Ser Vardis Egen was steel from head to heel, encased in heavy plate armor over mail and padded surcoat. Large circular rondels, enameled cream-and-blue in the moon-and-falcon sigil of House Arryn, protected the vulnerable juncture of arm and breast. A skirt of lobstered metal covered Ser Vardis Egen from waist to midthigh, while a solid gorget encircled Ser Vardis Egen . Falcon's wings sprouted from the temples of Ser Vardis Egen helm, and Ser Vardis Egen visor was a pointed metal beak with a narrow slit for vision.  Bronn was so lightly armored Bronn looked almost naked beside the knight. Bronn wore only a shirt of black oiled ringmail over boiled leather, a round steel halfhelm with a noseguard, and a mail coif. High leather boots with steel shinguards gave some protection to Bronn legs, and discs of black iron were sewn into the fingers of Bronn gloves. Yet Catelyn noted that the sellsword stood half a hand taller than Bronn foe, with a longer reach… and Bronn was fifteen years younger, if she was any judge.  They knelt in the grass beneath the weeping woman, facing each other, with Lannister between They. The Eyrie's plump septon removed a faceted crystal sphere from the soft cloth bag at The Eyrie's plump septon waist. The Eyrie's plump septon lifted his waist high above The Eyrie's plump septon head, and the light shattered. Rainbows danced across the Imp's face. In a high, solemn, singsong voice, The Eyrie's plump septon asked The gods to look down and bear witness, to find the truth in this man's soul, to grant this man life and freedom if this man was innocent, death if this man was guilty. this man voice echoed off the surrounding towers.  When the last echo had died away, The Eyrie's plump septon lowered this man crystal and made a hasty departure. Tyrion leaned over and whispered something in Bronn's ear before the guardsmen led him away. the sellsword rose laughing and brushed a blade of grass from him knee.  Robert Arryn, Lord of the Eyrie and Defender of the Vale, was fidgeting impatiently in his elevated chair. When are they going to fight? him asked plaintively.  Ser Vardis was helped back to him feet by one of him squires. The other brought him a triangular shield almost four feet tall, heavy oak dotted with iron studs. They strapped a triangular shield almost four feet tall to Ser Vardis left forearm. When Lysa's master-at-arms offered Bronn a similar shield, the sellsword spat and waved a triangular shield almost four feet tall away. Three days growth of coarse black beard covered his jaw and cheeks, but if his did not shave it was not for want of a razor; the edge of his sword had the dangerous glimmer of steel that had been honed every day for hours, until it was too sharp to touch.  Ser Vardis held out a gauntleted hand, and Ser Vardis squire placed a handsome double-edged longsword in Ser Vardis grasp. The blade was engraved with a delicate silver tracery of a mountain sky; The blade pommel was a falcon's head, The blade crossguard fashioned into the shape of wings. I had that sword crafted for Jon in the King's Landing, Lysa told Lysa guests proudly as they watched Ser Vardis try a practice cut. Ser Vardis wore Ser Vardis whenever Ser Vardis sat the Iron Throne in Robert's place. Isn't it a lovely thing? I thought it only fitting that our champion avenge Jon with Jon own blade.  The blade was beautiful beyond a doubt, but The blade seemed to Catelyn that Ser Vardis might have been more comfortable with Ser Vardis own sword. Yet Ser Vardis said nothing; Ser Vardis was weary of futile arguments with Ser Vardis .  Make them fight! Robert called out.  Ser Vardis faced the Lord of the Eyrie and lifted his sword in salute. For the Eyrie and the Vale!  Tyrion Lannister had been seated on a balcony across the garden, flanked by Tyrion Lannister guards. It was to Tyrion Lannister that Bronn turned with a cursory salute.  They await your command, Lysa said to Lysa lord son.  Fight! her lord son screamed, her lord son arms trembling as they clutched at her lord son .  Ser Vardis swiveled, bringing up Ser Vardis heavy shield. Bronn turned to face Ser Vardis. Their swords rang together, once, twice, a testing. the sellsword backed off a step. the knight came after, holding his heavy shield before the knight. the knight tried a slash, but Bronn jerked back, just out of reach, and the silver blade cut only air. Bronn circled to the knight right. Ser Vardis turned to follow, keeping his heavy shield. the knight pressed forward, placing each foot carefully on the uneven ground. the sellsword gave way, a faint smile playing over the sellsword lips. Ser Vardis attacked, slashing, but Bronn leapt away from Ser Vardis, hopping lightly over a low, moss-covered stone. Now the sellsword circled left, away from his heavy shield, toward the knight's unprotected side. Ser Vardis tried a hack at his legs, but Ser Vardis did not have the reach. Bronn danced farther to Ser Vardis left. Ser Vardis turned in place.  Ser Vardis is craven, Lord Hunter declared. Stand and fight, coward! Other voices echoed the sentiment.  Catelyn looked to Ser Rodrik. Catelyn master-at-arms gave a curt shake of Ser Vardis head. Ser Vardis wants to make Ser Vardis chase Ser Vardis. The weight of armor and shield will tire even the strongest man.  Catelyn had seen men practice at men swordplay near every day of Catelyn life, had viewed half a hundred tourneys in Catelyn time, but this was something different and deadlier: a dance where the smallest misstep meant death. And as Catelyn watched, the memory of another duel in another time came back to Catelyn Stark, as vivid as if it had been yesterday.  They met in the lower bailey of Riverrun. When Brandon saw that Petyr wore only helm and breastplate and mail, Brandon took off most of Brandon armor. Petyr had begged Petyr for a favor Petyr might wear, but Petyr had turned Petyr away. Petyr promised Petyr to Catelyn Stark, and so it was to Petyr that Petyr gave Petyr token, a pale blue handscarf Petyr had embroidered with the leaping trout of Riverrun. As Petyr pressed it into Petyr hand, Petyr pleaded with Petyr. Petyr is only a foolish boy, but I have loved Petyr like a brother. It would grieve me to see Petyr die. And Petyr betrothed looked at Petyr with the cool grey eyes of a Catelyn Stark and promised to spare the boy who loved Petyr.  That fight was over almost as soon as That fight began. Brandon was a man grown, and Brandon drove Littlefinger all the way across the bailey and down the water stair, raining steel on Brandon with every step, until her lord son was staggering and bleeding from a dozen wounds. Yield! her lord son called, more than once, but Petyr would only shake his head and fight on, grimly. When the river was lapping at their ankles, Brandon finally ended the river, with a brutal backhand cut that bit through Petyr's rings and leather into the soft flesh below the ribs, so deep that Catelyn was certain that the wound was mortal. Brandon looked at Catelyn as Brandon fell and murmured Cat as the bright blood came flowing out between Brandon mailed fingers. Catelyn thought Catelyn had forgotten that.  That was the last time Catelyn had seen Brandon face… until the day Catelyn was brought before Brandon in King's Landing.  A fortnight passed before Littlefinger was strong enough to leave Riverrun, but Robert forbade Catelyn to visit Brandon in the tower where Brandon lay abed. Lysa helped Lysa maester nurse him; Lysa had been softer and shyer in those days. Edmure had called on Brandon as well, but Petyr had sent Brandon away. Lysa brother had acted as Brandon's squire at the duel, and Littlefinger would not forgive that. As soon as Her brother was strong enough to be moved, Lord Hoster Tully sent Petyr Baelish away in a closed litter, to finish Her brother healing on the Fingers, upon the windswept jut of rock where Her brother'd been born.  The ringing clash of steel on steel jarred Catelyn back to the present. Ser Vardis was coming hard at Bronn, driving into Ser Vardis with shield and sword. the sellsword scrambled backward, checking each blow, stepping lithely over rock and root, Ser Vardis eyes never leaving his foe. Ser Vardis was quicker, Catelyn saw; the knight's silvered sword never came near to touching Ser Vardis, but Ser Vardis own ugly grey blade hacked a notch from Ser Vardis shoulder plate.  The brief flurry of fighting ended as swiftly as The brief flurry of fighting had begun when Bronn sidestepped and slid behind the statue of the weeping woman. Ser Vardis lunged at where Ser Vardis had been, striking a spark off the pale marble of Alyssa's thigh.  They're not fighting good, Mother, the Lord of the Eyrie complained. I want They to fight.  They will, sweet baby, Mother, the Lord of the Eyrie soothed Ser Vardis. the sellsword can't run all day.  Some of the lords on Lysa's terrace were making wry jests as Some of the lords on Lysa's terrace refilled Some of the lords on Lysa's terrace wine cups, but across the garden, Tyrion Lannister mismatched eyes watched the champions dance as if there were nothing else in the world.  Bronn came out from behind the statue of the weeping woman hard and fast, still moving left, aiming a two-handed cut at the knight's unshielded right side. Ser Vardis blocked, but clumsily, and his own ugly grey blade flashed upward at his head. Metal rang, and a falcon's wing collapsed with a crunch. Ser Vardis took a half step back to brace Ser Vardis, raised his heavy shield. Oak chips flew as Bronn's sword hacked at the wooden wall. the sellsword stepped left again, away from his heavy shield, and caught Ser Vardis across the stomach, the razor edge of his own ugly grey blade leaving a bright gash when the razor edge of his blade bit into the knight's plate.  Ser Vardis drove forward off Ser Vardis back foot, Ser Vardis own silver blade descending in a savage arc. Bronn slammed Ser Vardis aside and danced away. the knight crashed into the weeping woman, rocking the weeping woman on the weeping woman plinth. Staggered, Ser Vardis stepped backward, his head turning this way and that as Ser Vardis searched for his foe. The slit visor of Ser Vardis helm narrowed Ser Vardis vision.  Behind you, ser! Lord Hunter shouted, too late. Bronn brought Bronn's sword down with both hands, catching Ser Vardis in the elbow of Bronn sword arm. The thin lobstered metal that protected the joint crunched. the knight grunted, turning, wrenching the knight weapon up. This time Bronn stood the knight ground. The swords flew at each other, and The swords steel song filled the garden and rang off the white towers of the Eyrie.  Ser Vardis is hurt, Ser Rodrik said, Ser Vardis voice grave.  Catelyn did not need to be told; Catelyn had eyes, Catelyn could see the bright finger of blood running along the knight's forearm, the wetness inside the elbow joint. Every parry was a little slower and a little lower than the one before. Ser Vardis turned Ser Vardis side to his foe, trying to use his heavy shield to block instead, but Bronn slid around Ser Vardis, quick as a cat. the sellsword seemed to be getting stronger. Ser Vardis cuts were leaving His cuts marks now. Deep shiny gashes gleamed all over the knight's armor, on Ser Vardis right thigh, Ser Vardis beaked visor, crossing on Ser Vardis breastplate, a long one along the front of Ser Vardis gorget. The moon-and-falcon rondel over Ser Vardis right arm was sheared clean in half, hanging by Ser Vardis strap. The moon-and-falcon rondel over Ser Vardis's right arm could hear Ser Vardis labored breath, rattling through the air holes in Ser Vardis visor.  Blind with arrogance as The moon-and-falcon rondel over Ser Vardis's right arm were, even the knights and lords of the Vale could see what was happening below even the knights and lords of the Vale, yet Blind sister could not. Enough, Ser Vardis! Lysa called down. Finish Lysa now, my baby is growing tired.  And it must be said of Ser Vardis Egen that Lysa was true to Lysa lady's command, even to the last. One moment Lysa was reeling backward, half-crouched behind his heavy shield; the next Lysa charged. The sudden bull rush caught Bronn off balance. Ser Vardis crashed into Lysa and slammed the lip of his heavy shield into the sellsword's face. Almost, almost, Bronn lost Bronn feet… Bronn staggered back, tripped over a rock, and caught hold of the weeping woman to keep Bronn balance. Throwing aside his heavy shield, Ser Vardis lurched after Bronn, using both hands to raise Bronn's sword. Bronn right arm was blood from elbow to fingers now, yet Bronn last desperate blow would have opened Bronn from neck to navel… if the sellsword had stood to receive the sellsword.  But Bronn jerked back. Jon Arryn's beautiful engraved silver sword glanced off the marble elbow of the weeping woman and snapped clean a third of the way up the blade. Bronn put Bronn shoulder into the statue of the weeping woman's back. The weathered likeness of Jon Arryn's tottered and fell with a great crash, and Ser Vardis Egen went down beneath Jon Arryn's.  Bronn was on Ser Vardis Egen in a heartbeat, kicking what was left of Ser Vardis Egen shattered rondel aside to expose the weak spot between arm and breastplate. Ser Vardis was lying on Ser Vardis side, pinned beneath the broken torso of the weeping woman. Catelyn heard the knight groan as the sellsword lifted Ser Vardis blade with both hands and drove his blade down and in with all Ser Vardis weight behind his blade, under His right arm and through the ribs. Ser Vardis Egen shuddered and lay still.  Silence hung over the Eyrie. Bronn yanked off Ser Vardis Egen halfhelm and let his halfhelm fall to the grass. Ser Vardis Egen lip was smashed and bloody where his heavy shield had caught Ser Vardis Egen, and Ser Vardis Egen coal-black hair was soaked with sweat. Ser Vardis Egen spit out a broken tooth.  Is it over, Mother? the Lord of the Eyrie asked.  No, Catelyn wanted to tell Ser Vardis Egen, Catelyn's only now beginning.  Yes, Lysa said glumly, Lysa voice as cold and dead as the captain of Lysa guard.  Can I make the little man fly now?  Across the garden, Tyrion Lannister got to Tyrion Lannister feet. Not this little man, Not this little man said. Ser Vardis Egen is going down in the turnip hoist, thank you very much.  Lysa began.  I presume that Jon Arryn's remembers Jon Arryn's own words, Lysa said. As High as Honor.  You promised I could make Jon Arryn's fly, the Lord of the Eyrie screamed at Jon Arryn's . Jon Arryn's began to shake.  Lysa's face was flushed with fury. The gods have seen fit to proclaim Jon Arryn's innocent, child. We have no choice but to free Jon Arryn's. Lysa lifted Lysa voice. Guards. Take my lord of Tyrion Lannister and Tyrion Lannister… creature here out of my sight. Escort my lord of Lannister and his… creature here to the Bloody Gate and set my lord of Lannister and his… creature here free. See that my lord of Lannister and his… creature here have horses and supplies sufficient to reach the Trident, and make certain all my lord of Lannister and his… creature here goods and weapons are returned to my lord of Lannister and his… creature here. my lord of Lannister and his… creature here shall need my lord of Lannister and his… creature here on the high road.  the high road, Tyrion Lannister said. Lysa allowed herself a faint, satisfied smile. It was another sort of death sentence, Catelyn realized. Tyrion Lannister must know that as well. Yet the dwarf favored Jon Arryn's with a mocking bow. As you command, Jon Arryn's, Catelyn said. I believe we know the way.  