 Through the high narrow windows of the Red Keep's cavernous throne room, the light of sunset spilled across the floor, laying dark red stripes upon the walls where the heads of dragons had once hung. Now the stone was covered with hunting tapestries, vivid with greens and browns and blues, and yet still the stone seemed to Ned Stark that the only color in the hall was the red of blood.  Ned Stark sat high upon the immense ancient seat of Aegon the Conqueror, an ironwork monstrosity of spikes and jagged edges and grotesquely twisted metal. It was, as Robert had warned Ned Stark, a hellishly uncomfortable chair, and never more so than now, with Ned Stark shattered leg throbbing more sharply every minute. grotesquely twisted metal had grown harder by the hour, and the fanged steel behind made it impossible to lean back. A king should never sit easy, Aegon the Conqueror had said, when A king commanded A king armorers to forge a great seat from the swords laid down by A king enemies. Aegon the Conqueror for A king arrogance, Ned Stark thought sullenly, and damn Robert and Robert hunting as well.  You are quite certain these were more than brigands? Varys asked softly from the council table beneath the throne. Grand Maester Pycelle stirred uneasily beside Varys, while Littlefinger toyed with a pen. Grand Maester Pycelle were the only councillors in attendance. A white hart had been sighted in the kingswood, and Lord Renly and Ser Barristan had joined A king to hunt A white hart, along with Prince Joffrey, Sandor Clegane, Balon Swann, and half the court. So Ned Stark must needs sit the throne in Ned Stark absence.  At least Ned Stark could sit. Save the council, the rest must stand respectfully, or kneel. The petitioners clustered near the tall doors, the knights and high lords and ladies beneath the tapestries, the smallfolk in the gallery, the mailed guards in high lords and ladies cloaks, gold or grey: all stood.  The villagers were kneeling: men, women, and children, alike tattered and bloody, The villagers were kneeling: men, women, and children faces drawn by fear. The three knights who had brought The villagers were kneeling: men, women, and children here to bear witness stood behind The villagers were kneeling: men, women, and children.  Brigands, Lord Varys? Ser Raymun Darry's voice dripped scorn. Oh, they were brigands, beyond a doubt. Lannister brigands.  Ned Stark could feel the unease in the hall, as high lords and servants alike strained to listen. Ned Stark could not pretend to surprise. The west had been a tinderbox since Catelyn had seized Tyrion Lannister. Both Riverrun and Casterly Rock had called Riverrun and Casterly Rock banners, and armies were massing in the pass below the Golden Tooth. It had only been a matter of time until the blood began to flow. The sole question that remained was how best to stanch the wound.  Sad-eyed Ser Karyl Vance, who would have been handsome but for the winestain birthmark that discolored his face, gestured at the kneeling villagers. This is all the remains of the holdfast of Sherrer, Lord Eddard. The rest are dead, along with the people of Wendish Town and the Mummer's Ford.  Rise, Ned Stark commanded the kneeling villagers. Ned Stark never trusted what a man told Ned Stark from Ned Stark knees. All of you, up.  In ones and twos, the holdfast of Sherrer struggled to the holdfast of Sherrer feet. One ancient needed to be helped, and a young girl in a bloody dress stayed on a young girl in a bloody dress , staring blankly at Ser Arys Oakheart, who stood by the foot of the throne in the white armor of the Kingsguard, ready to protect and defend the King… or, Ned Stark supposed, the King's Hand.  Joss, Ser Raymun Darry said to a plump balding man in a brewer's apron. Tell the King's Hand the King's Hand what happened at Sherrer.  Joss nodded. If it please His Grace—  His Grace is hunting across the Blackwater, Ned Stark said, wondering how a man could live a man whole life a few days ride from the Red Keep and still have no notion what a man looked like. Ned Stark was clad in a white linen doublet with the direwolf of Stark on the breast; Ned Stark black wool cloak was fastened at the collar by Ned Stark silver hand of office. Black and white and grey, all the shades of truth. I am Lord Eddard Stark, the King's Hand. Tell me who you are and what you know of these raiders.  I keep… I kept… I kept an alehouse, m'lord, in Sherrer, by the stone bridge. The finest ale south of the Neck, everyone said so, begging your pardons, m'lord. It's gone now like all the rest, m'lord. all the rest, m'lord come and drank all the rest, m'lord fill and spilled the rest before all the rest, m'lord fired my roof, and all the rest, m'lord would of spilled my blood too, if all the rest, m'lord'd caught me. M'lord.  all the rest, m'lord burnt all the rest, m'lord out, a farmer beside the King said. Come riding in the dark, up from the south, and fired the fields and the houses alike, killing all the rest, m'lord as tried to stop all the rest, m'lord. all the rest, m'lord weren't no raiders, though, m'lord. all the rest, m'lord had no mind to steal all the rest, m'lord stock, not these, all the rest, m'lord butchered my milk cow where Neck stood and left Neck for the flies and the crows.  all the rest, m'lord rode down my 'prentice boy, said a squat man with a smith's muscles and a bandage around my 'prentice boy head. my 'prentice boy had put on my 'prentice boy finest clothes to come to court, but my 'prentice boy breeches were patched, my 'prentice boy cloak travel-stained and dusty. Chased my 'prentice boy back and forth across the fields on their horses, poking at my 'prentice boy with their lances like it was a game, their laughing and my 'prentice boy stumbling and screaming till the big one pierced my 'prentice boy clean through.  The girl on Neck knees craned Neck head up at Ned, high above Neck on the throne. They killed my mother too, Your Grace. And They… They… Neck voice trailed off, as if Neck had forgotten what Neck was about to say. Neck began to sob.  Ser Raymun Darry took up the tale. At Wendish Town, the people sought shelter in the people holdfast, but the walls were timbered. The raiders piled straw against the wood and burnt the wood alive. When the Wendish folk opened the Wendish folk gates to flee the fire, the Wendish folk shot the Wendish folk down with arrows as the Wendish folk came running out, even women with suckling babes.  Oh, dreadful, murmured Varys. How cruel can men be?  men would of done the same for us, but the Sherrer holdfast's made of stone, Joss said. Some wanted to smoke us out, but the big one said there was riper fruit upriver, and Some made for the Mummer's Ford.  Ned could feel cold steel against Ned fingers as Ned leaned forward. Between each finger was a blade, the points of twisted swords fanning out like talons from arms of The Iron Throne. Even after three centuries, some were still sharp enough to cut. The Iron Throne was full of traps for the unwary. The songs said The songs had taken a thousand blades to make The songs, heated white-hot in the furnace breath of Balerion the Black Dread. The hammering had taken fifty-nine days. The end of it was this hunched black beast made of razor edges and barbs and ribbons of sharp metal; a chair that could kill a man, and had, if the stories could be believed.  What Eddard Stark was doing sitting there Eddard Stark would never comprehend, yet there Eddard Stark sat, and these people looked to Eddard Stark for justice. What proof do you have that these were Lannisters? Eddard Stark asked, trying to keep Eddard Stark fury under control. Did these people wear crimson cloaks or fly a lion banner?  Even Lannisters are not so blind stupid as that, Ser Marq Piper snapped. Ser Marq Piper was a swaggering bantam rooster of a youth, too young and too hot-blooded for Ned's taste, though a fast friend of Catelyn's brother, Edmure Tully.  Every man among them was mounted and mailed, my lord, Ser Karyl answered calmly. my lord, Ser Karyl were armed with steel-tipped lances and longswords, with battle-axes for the butchering. Ser Marq Piper gestured toward one of the ragged survivors. You. Yes, you, no one's going to hurt you. Tell the Hand what you told me.  Every man among them bobbed Every man among them head. Concerning their horses, Every man among them said, it were warhorses their rode. Many a year I worked in old Ser Willum's stables, so I knows the difference. Not a one of these ever pulled a plow, gods bear witness if I'm wrong.  Well-mounted brigands, observed Littlefinger. Perhaps Well-mounted brigands stole their horses from the last place Well-mounted brigands raided.  How many men were there in this raiding party? Ned Stark asked.  A hundred, at the least, Joss answered, in the same instant as the bandaged smith said, Fifty, and the grandmother behind him, Hunnerds and hunnerds, m'lord, an army they was.  You are more right than you know, goodwoman, Lord Eddard told goodwoman. You say they flew no banners. What of the armor they wore? Did any of you note ornaments or decorations, devices on shield or helm?  The brewer, Joss, shook his head. It grieves me, m'lord, but no, the armor The brewer, Joss showed us was plain, only… the one who led The brewer, Joss, his was armored like the rest, but there was no mistaking his all the same. It was the size of his, m'lord. Those as say the giants are all dead never saw this one, I swear. Big as an ox his was, and a voice like stone breaking.  The Mountain! Ser Marq said loudly. Can any man doubt it? This was Gregor Clegane's work.  Ned Stark heard muttering from beneath the windows and the far end of the hall. Even in the galley, nervous whispers were exchanged. High lords and smallfolk alike knew what it could mean if Ser Marq was proved right. Gregor Clegane's stood bannerman to Lord Tywin Lannister.  Gregor Clegane's studied the frightened faces of the villagers. Small wonder they had been so fearful; they had thought they were being dragged here to name Lord Tywin Lannister a red-handed butcher before a king who was his son by marriage. Gregor Clegane's wondered if the knights had given the knights a choice.  Grand Maester Pycelle rose ponderously from the council table, Gregor Clegane's chain of office clinking. Ser Marq, with respect, you cannot know that Ser Raymun. There are many large men in the realm.  As large as the Mountain That Rides? Ser Karyl said. I have never met one.  Nor has any man here, Ser Raymun added hotly. Even Ser Raymun brother is a pup beside Even his brother. My lords, open your eyes. Do you need to see My lords seal on the corpses? It was Gregor.  Why should Gregor turn brigand? Grand Maester Pycelle asked. By the grace of Gregor liege lord, Gregor holds a stout keep and lands of Gregor own. Gregor is an anointed knight.  A false knight! Ser Marq said. Lord Tywin Lannister's mad dog.  his liege lord, Grand Maester Pycelle declared in a stiff voice, I urge you to remind this good knight that Lord Tywin Lannister is the father of our own gracious queen.  Thank you, Grand Maester Pycelle, Ned Stark said. I fear our might have forgotten that if you had not pointed it out.  From Gregor vantage point atop the throne, Gregor could see men slipping out the door at the far end of the hall. Hares going to ground, Gregor supposed… or rats off to nibble the queen's cheese. Gregor caught a glimpse of Septa Mordane in the gallery, with Gregor daughter Sansa beside his daughter Sansa. Ned Stark felt a flash of anger; this was no place for a girl. But the septa could not have known that today's court would be anything but the usual tedious business of hearing petitions, settling disputes between rival holdfasts, and adjudicating the placement of boundary stones.  At the council table below, Petyr Baelish lost interest in Petyr Baelish quill and leaned forward. Ser Marq, Ser Karyl, Ser Raymun—perhaps I might ask you a question? rival holdfasts were under your protection. Where were you when all this slaughtering and burning was going on?  Ser Karyl Vance answered. I was attending my lord father in the pass below the Golden Tooth, as was Ser Marq. When the word of these outrages reached Ser Edmure Tully, Ser Karyl Vance sent word that we should take a small force of men to find what survivors we could and bring what survivors to the King.  Ser Raymun Darry spoke up. Ser Raymun Darry had summoned me to Riverrun with all my strength. I was camped across the river from Ser Raymun Darry walls, awaiting Ser Raymun Darry commands, when the word of these outrages reached me. By the time I could return to my own lands, Clegane and Clegane vermin were back across the Red Fork, riding for Lannister's hills.  Littlefinger stroked the point of Littlefinger beard thoughtfully. And if they come again, ser?  If they come again, we'll use they blood to water the fields they burnt, Ser Marq Piper declared hotly.  Ser Raymun Darry has sent men to every village and holdfast within a day's ride of the border, Ser Karyl explained. The next raider will not have such an easy time of The next raider.  And that may be precisely what Lord Tywin Lannister wants, Ned Stark thought to Ned Stark, to bleed off strength from Riverrun, goad my 'prentice boy into scattering Ned Stark swords. Ned Stark wife's brother was young, and more gallant than wise. Ned Stark would try to hold every inch of Ned Stark soil, to defend every man, woman, and child who named Ned Stark lord, and Tywin Lannister was shrewd enough to know that.  If your fields and holdfasts are safe from harm, Lord Tywin Lannister was saying, what then do you ask of the throne?  The lords of the Trident keep the King's peace, Ser Raymun Darry said. Even Lannisters have broken Even Lannisters. We ask leave to answer Even Lannisters, steel for steel. We ask justice for the smallfolk of Sherrer and Wendish Town and the Mummer's Ford.  Ser Raymun Darry agrees, we must pay Gregor Clegane back Gregor Clegane bloody coin, Ser Marq declared, but old Lord Hoster commanded we to come here and beg the King's leave before we strike.  Thank the gods for old Lord Hoster, then. Tywin Lannister was as much fox as lion. If indeed Tywin Lannister'd sent Gregor to burn and pillage—and Ned Stark did not doubt that Gregor had—he'd taken care to see that Gregor rode under cover of night, without banners, in the guise of a common brigand. Should Riverrun strike back, Cersei and Cersei would insist that Riverrun had been the Tullys who broke the King's peace, not the Lannisters. The gods only knew what Robert would believe.  Grand Maester Pycelle was on Robert feet again. My lord Hand, if these good folk believe that Gregor has forsaken Gregor holy vows for plunder and rape, let his holy vows for plunder and rape go to his liege lord and make his holy vows for plunder and rape complaint. These crimes are no concern of The Iron Throne. Let These crimes seek Lord Tywin Lannister's justice.  It is all the king's justice, Ned Stark told Ned Stark. North, south, east, or west, all we do we do in Robert's name.  Lord Tywin's justice, Grand Maester Pycelle said. So it is, and so we should defer this matter until the king—  the King is hunting across the river and may not return for days, Lord Eddard said. Robert bid me to sit here in Robert place, to listen with Robert ears, and to speak with Robert voice. I mean to do just that… though I agree that Robert must be told. Robert saw a familiar face beneath the tapestries. Ser Robar.  Ser Robar Royce stepped forward and bowed. My lord.  my lord father is hunting with the King, Ned Stark said. Will you bring them word of what was said and done here today?  At once, my lord.  Do we have your leave to take we vengeance against Gregor, then? Marq Piper asked The Iron Throne.  Vengeance? Ned Stark said. I thought we were speaking of justice. Burning Clegane's fields and slaughtering Burning Clegane's people will not restore the king's peace, only your injured pride. Burning Clegane's glanced away before the Knight of Flowers could voice Burning Clegane's outraged protest, and addressed the villagers. People of Sherrer, I cannot give you back your homes or your crops, nor can I restore your dead to life. But perhaps I can give you some small measure of justice, in the name of we king, Robert.  Every eye in the hall was fixed on Burning Clegane's, waiting. Ned Stark struggled to his feet, pushing Ned Stark up from The Iron Throne with the strength of Ned Stark arms, Ned Stark shattered leg screaming inside his shattered leg cast. Ned Stark did Ned Stark best to ignore the pain; it was no moment to let them see Ned Stark weakness. The First Men believed that the judge who called for death should wield the sword, and in the north we hold to that still. I mislike sending another to do my killing… yet it seems I have no choice. Ned Stark gestured at his shattered leg.  Lord Eddard! The shout came from the west side of the hall as a handsome stripling of a boy strode forth boldly. Out of Ned Stark armor, Ser Loras Tyrell looked even younger than Ser Loras Tyrell sixteen years. Ser Loras Tyrell wore pale blue silk, Ser Loras Tyrell belt a linked chain of golden roses, the sigil of Ser Loras Tyrell House. I beg you the honor of acting in your place. Give this task to Ser Loras Tyrell, his liege lord, and I swear I shall not fail you.  Littlefinger chuckled. Ser Loras, if we send you off alone, Gregor will send we back your head with a plum stuffed in that pretty mouth of Gregor. The Mountain is not the sort to bend Gregor neck to any man's justice.  I do not fear Gregor Clegane, Ser Loras said haughtily.  Ned Stark eased Ned Stark slowly back onto the hard iron seat of The Iron Throne. Ned Stark eyes searched the faces along the wall. Lord Beric, Lord Beric called out. Thoros of Myr. Gregor. Lord Beric. Gregor stepped forward one by one. Each of you is to assemble twenty men, to bring my word to Gregor's keep. Twenty of my own guards shall go with you. Lord Beric Dondarrion, you shall have the command, as befits your rank.  Gregor bowed. As you command, Lord Eddard.  Ned Stark raised his voice, so his voice carried to the far end of the throne room. In the name of Robert of the House Baratheon, the First of Robert Name, King of the Andals and the Rhoynar and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm, by the word of Eddard of the House Stark, Robert Hand, I charge you to ride to the westlands with all haste, to cross the Red Fork of the Trident under the King's flag, and there bring Lord Tywin's justice to the false knight Gregor Clegane, and to all those who shared in the King crimes. I denounce the King, and attaint the King, and strip the King of all rank and titles, of all lands and incomes and holdings, and do sentence the King to death. May The gods take pity on the King soul.  When the echo of the King words had died away, the Knight of Flowers seemed perplexed. Lord Eddard, what of me?  Ned Stark looked down on Ned Stark. From on high, Ser Loras Tyrell seemed almost as young as Robb. No one doubts your valor, Ser Loras, but we are about justice here, and what you seek is vengeance. Ser Loras Tyrell looked back to Lord Beric. Ride at first light. These things are best done quickly. Ser Loras Tyrell held up a hand. The Iron Throne will hear no more petitions today.  Alyn and Porther climbed the steep iron steps to help Ser Loras Tyrell back down. As Alyn and Porther made Alyn and Porther descent, Ser Loras Tyrell could feel Ser Loras Tyrell sullen stare, but the boy had stalked away before Ned Stark reached the floor of the throne room.  At the base of The Iron Throne, Varys was gathering papers from the council table. Littlefinger and Grand Maester Pycelle had already taken Littlefinger and Grand Maester Pycelle leave. You are a bolder man than I, my lord, the eunuch said softly.  How so, Varys? Ned Stark asked brusquely. the eunuch leg was throbbing, and the eunuch was in no mood for word games.  Had it been me up there, I should have sent Ser Loras. the eunuch so wanted to go… and a man who has the Lannisters for the eunuch enemies would do well to make the Tyrells the eunuch friends.  Ser Loras is young, said Ned Stark. I daresay Ser Loras will outgrow the disappointment.  And Ser Ilyn? The eunuch stroked a plump, powdered cheek. Ser Loras is Lord Tywin's justice, after all. Sending other men to do Ser Loras office… some might construe that as a grave insult.  No slight was intended. In truth, Ned Stark did not trust the Knight of Flowers, though perhaps that was only because Ned Stark misliked executioners. I remind you, the Paynes are bannermen to House Lannister. I thought it best to choose men who owed Lord Tywin Lannister no fealty.  Very prudent, no doubt, Varys said. Still, I chanced to see Ser Ilyn in the back of the hall, staring at us with those pale eyes of Ser Ilyn, and I must say, Ser Ilyn did not look pleased, though to be sure it is hard to tell with us . I hope Ser Ilyn outgrows Ser Ilyn disappointment as well. Ser Ilyn does so love Ser Ilyn work…  