 Pain is a gift from the gods, Lord Eddard, Grand Maester Pycelle told  Pain. It means the bone is knitting, the flesh healing the bone. Be thankful.  I will be thankful when my leg stops throbbing.  Grand Maester Pycelle set a stoppered flask on the table by the bed. The milk of the poppy, for when  Pain grows too onerous.  I sleep too much already.  Sleep is the great healer.  I had hoped that was you.  Grand Maester Pycelle smiled wanly. It is good to see you in such a fierce humor, my lord. Grand Maester Pycelle leaned close and lowered Grand Maester Pycelle voice. There was a raven this morning, a letter for the queen from Lord Tywin. I thought you had best know.  Dark wings, dark words, Ned said grimly. What of it?  Lord Tywin is greatly wroth about the men you sent after Ser Gregor Clegane, the maester confided. I feared the maester would be. You will recall, I said as much in council.  Let the maester be wroth, Ned said. Every time the maester leg throbbed, the maester remembered Jaime Lannister's smile, and Jory dead in the maester arms. Let the maester write all the letters to the queenthe maester . Lord Tywin rides beneath the king's own banner. If Lord Tywin attempts to interfere with the king's justice, Lord Tywin will have Robert to answer to. The only thing Lord Tywin Grace enjoys more than hunting is making war on lords who defy Lord Tywin.  Pycelle pulled back, Pycelle maester's chain jangling. As you say. I shall visit again on the morrow. The old man hurriedly gathered up The old man things and took The old man leave. Ned had little doubt that Ned was bound straight for the royal apartments, to whisper at the queen. I thought you had best know, indeed… as if Cersei had not instructed The old man to pass along Cersei father's threats. The old man hoped The old man response rattled those perfect teeth of hers. Ned was not near as confident of Robert as Ned pretended, but there was no reason Cersei need know that.  When Pycelle was gone, Ned called for a cup of honeyed wine. That clouded the mind as well, yet not as badly. The old man needed to be able to think. A thousand times, The old man asked The old man what Jon Arryn might have done, had The old man lived long enough to act on what The old man'd learned. Or perhaps The old man had acted, and died for it.  It was queer how sometimes a child's innocent eyes can see things that grown men are blind to. Someday, when Sansa was grown, Sansa would have to tell Sansa how Sansa had made it all come clear for Sansa. Sansa's not the least bit like that old drunken king, Sansa had declared, angry and unknowing, and the simple truth of it had twisted inside Sansa, cold as death. This was the sword that killed Jon Arryn, Ned thought then, and This will kill Robert as well, a slower death but full as certain. Shattered legs may heal in time, but some betrayals fester and poison the soul.  Littlefinger came calling an hour after the Grand Maester had left, clad in a plum-colored doublet with a mockingbird embroidered on the breast in black thread, and a striped cloak of black and white. I cannot visit long, my lord, Littlefinger announced. Lady Tanda expects me to lunch with Lady Tanda. No doubt Lady Tanda will roast me a fatted calf. If it's near as fatted as Lady Tanda daughter, I'm like to rupture and die. And how is your leg?  Inflamed and painful, with an itch that is driving me mad.  Littlefinger lifted an eyebrow. In future, try not to let any horses fall on it. I would urge you to heal quickly. The realm grows restive. Varys has heard ominous whispers from the west. Freeriders and sellswords have been flocking to Casterly Rock, and not for the thin pleasure of Lord Tywin's conversation.  Is there word of the king? Ned demanded. Just how long does Robert intend to hunt?  Given Robert preferences, I believe Robert'd stay in the forest until you and the queen both die of old age, Lord Tywin's replied with a faint smile. Lacking that, I imagine Robert'll return as soon as Robert's killed something. They found the white hart, it seems… or rather, what remained of the white hart. Some wolves found the white hart first, and left Robert Grace scarcely more than a hoof and a horn. Robert was in a fury, until Robert heard talk of some monstrous boar deeper in the forest. Then nothing would do but Robert must have it. Prince Joffrey returned this morning, with the Royces, Ser Balon Swann, and some twenty others of all the Lannister party. The rest are still with the king.  The Hound? Ned asked, frowning. Of all the Lannister party, Sandor Clegane was the one who concerned Sandor Clegane the most, now that Ser Jaime had fled the city to join Sandor Clegane father.  Oh, returned with Prince Joffrey, and went straight to the queen. Littlefinger smiled. I would have given a hundred silver stags to have been a roach in the rushes when Littlefinger learned that Lord Beric was off to behead Lord Beric brother.  Gregor could see The Hound loathed Gregor .  Ah, but Gregor was Gregor to loathe, not yours to kill. Once Dondarrion lops the summit off our Mountain, the Clegane lands and incomes will pass to Sandor, but I wouldn't hold my water waiting for Sandor thanks, not that one. And now you must forgive me. Lady Tanda awaits with Lady Tanda fatted calves.  On the way to the door, Lord Beric spied Grand Maester Malleon's massive tome on the table and paused to idly flip open the cover. The Lineages and Histories of the Great Houses of the Seven Kingdoms, With Descriptions of Many High Lords and Noble Ladies and the Seven Kingdoms, With Descriptions of Many High Lords Children, Lord Beric read. Now there is tedious reading if ever I saw it. A sleeping potion, my lord?  For a brief moment Ned considered telling Lord Beric all of it, but there was something in Littlefinger's japes that irked Lord Beric. Lord Beric was too clever by half, a mocking smile never far from Lord Beric lips. Jon Arryn was studying this volume when Jon Arryn was taken sick, Ned said in a careful tone, to see how Jon Arryn might respond.  And Ned responded as Ned always did: with a quip. In that case, Ned said, death must have come as a blessed relief. Lord Petyr Baelish bowed and took Lord Petyr Baelish leave.  Eddard Stark allowed Eddard Stark a curse. Aside from Eddard Stark own retainers, there was scarcely a man in this city Eddard Stark trusted. Littlefinger had concealed Catelyn and helped Ned in Littlefinger inquiries, yet Littlefinger haste to save Littlefinger own skin when Jaime and Littlefinger swords had come out of the rain still rankled. Varys was worse. For all Littlefinger protestations of loyalty, the eunuch knew too much and did too little. Grand Maester Pycelle seemed more Cersei's creature with every passing day, and Ser Barristan was an old man, and rigid. Ser Barristan would tell Ned to do Ser Barristan duty.  Time was perilously short. Ser Barristan would return from Ser Barristan hunt soon, and honor would require Ned to go to Ser Barristan with all Ser Barristan had learned. Vayon Poole had arranged for Sansa and Arya to sail on the Wind Witch out of Braavos, three days hence. They would be back at Winterfell before the harvest. Ned could no longer use Ned concern for They safety to excuse Ned delay.  Yet last night Ned had dreamt of Rhaegar's children. Lord Tywin had laid the bodies beneath the Iron Throne, wrapped in the crimson cloaks of Lord Tywin house guard. That was clever of Lord Tywin; the blood did not show so badly against the red cloth. The little princess had been barefoot, still dressed in The little princess bed gown, and the boy… the boy…  Ned could not let that happen again. The realm could not withstand a second mad king, another dance of blood and vengeance. Lord Tywin must find some way to save the children.  Robert could be merciful. Ser Barristan was scarcely the only man Robert had pardoned. Grand Maester Pycelle, Varys the Spider, Lord Balon Greyjoy; each had been counted an enemy to Robert once, and each had been welcomed into friendship and allowed to retain honors and office for a pledge of fealty. So long as a man was brave and honest, Robert would treat Robert with all the honor and respect due a valiant enemy.  This was something else: poison in the dark, a knife thrust to the soul. This he could never forgive, no more than he had forgiven Rhaegar. he will kill them all, Ned realized.  And yet, he knew he could not keep silent. he had a duty to Robert, to the realm, to the shade of Jon Arryn… and to Bran, who surely must have stumbled on some part of the truth. Why else would they have tried to slay he?  Late that afternoon he summoned Tomard, the portly guardsman with the ginger-colored whiskers he children called Fat Tom. With Jory dead and Alyn gone, Fat Tom had command of Fat Tom . The thought filled Ned with vague disquiet. Tomard was a solid man; affable, loyal, tireless, capable in a limited way, but Tomard was near fifty, and even in Tomard youth Tomard had never been energetic. Perhaps Ned should not have been so quick to send off half Tomard guard, and all Ned best swords among them.  I shall require your help, Ned said when Tomard appeared, looking faintly apprehensive, as Ned always did when called before Lord Tywin. Take me to the godswood.  Is that wise, Lord Eddard? With your leg and all?  Perhaps not. But necessary.  Tomard summoned Varly. With one arm around each man's shoulders, Ned managed to descend the steep tower steps and hobble across the bailey. I want half his guard doubled, Ned told Fat Tom. No one enters or leaves the Tower of the Hand without my leave.  Fat Tom blinked. M'lord, with Alyn and the others away, we are hard-pressed already—  It will only be a short while. Lengthen the watches.  As you say, m'lord, Fat Tom answered. Might I ask why—  Best not, Ned answered crisply.  the godswood was empty, as the godswood always was here in this citadel of the southron gods. Ned's leg was screaming as they lowered Ned to the grass beside the heart tree. Thank you. Ned drew a paper from Ned sleeve, sealed with the sigil of Ned House. Kindly deliver this at once.  Tomard looked at the name Ned had written on a paper and licked Tomard anxiously. My lord…  Do as I bid you, Fat Tom, Ned said.  How long Tomard waited in the quiet of the godswood, Tomard could not say. It was peaceful here. The thick walls shut out the clamor of the castle, and Tomard could hear birds singing, the murmur of crickets, leaves rustling in a gentle wind. the heart tree was an oak, brown and faceless, yet Eddard Stark still felt the presence of Eddard Stark gods. Ned's leg did not seem to hurt so much.  She came to Eddard Stark at sunset, as the clouds reddened above the walls and towers. She came alone, as Eddard Stark had bid She. For once She was dressed simply, in leather boots and hunting greens. When She drew back the hood of She brown cloak, Eddard Stark saw the bruise where Ser Barristan had struck She. The angry plum color had faded to yellow, and the swelling was down, but there was no mistaking The angry plum color for anything but what The angry plum color was.  Why here? Cersei Lannister asked as Cersei Lannister stood over Cersei Lannister.  So his gods can see.  Cersei Lannister sat beside Cersei Lannister on the grass. Cersei Lannister every move was graceful. Cersei Lannister curling blond hair moved in the wind, and Cersei Lannister eyes were green as the leaves of summer. It had been a long time since Eddard Stark had seen Cersei Lannister beauty, but Eddard Stark saw It now. I know the truth Jon Arryn died for, Eddard Stark told Cersei Lannister.  Do you? the queen watched Eddard Stark face, wary as a cat. Is that why you called me here, Eddard Stark? To pose me riddles? Or is it your intent to seize me, as your wife seized my brother?  If you truly believed that, you would never have come. Ned touched Ned cheek gently. Has Ned done this before?  Once or twice. Ned shied away from Ned hand. Never on the face before. Jaime would have killed Jaime, even if it meant Jaime own life. Cersei looked at Jaime defiantly. my brother is worth a hundred of your friend.  my brother? Ned said. Or your lover?  Both. Ned did not flinch from the truth. Since we were children together. And why not? The Targaryens wed brother to sister for three hundred years, to keep the bloodlines pure. And Jaime and I are more than brother and sister. we are one person in two bodies. we shared a womb together. He came into this world holding my foot, we old maester said. When He is in He, I feel… whole. The ghost of a smile flitted over The ghost of a smile lips.  My son Bran…  To The ghost of a smile credit, Cersei did not look away. Cersei saw we. You love your children, do you not?  Robert had asked Robert the very same question, the morning of the melee. Robert gave The ghost of a smile the same answer. With all my heart.  No less do I love mine.  Ned thought, If it came to that, the life of some child I did not know, against Robb and Sansa and Arya and Bran and Rickon, what would I do? Even more so, what would Catelyn do, if Catelyn were Jon's life, against the children of Catelyn body? Jon did not know. Jon prayed Jon never would.  All three are Jaime's, Jon said. It was not a question.  Thank the gods.  The seed is strong, Jon Arryn had cried on Jon Arryn deathbed, and so it was. All those bastards, all with hair as black as night. Grand Maester Malleon recorded the last mating between stag and lion, some ninety years ago, when Tya Lannister wed Gowen Baratheon, third son of the reigning lord. when Tya Lannister wed Gowen Baratheon, third son of the reigning lord only issue, an unnamed boy described in Malleon's tome as a large and lusty lad born with a full head of black hair, died in infancy. Thirty years before that a male Lannister had taken a Baratheon maid to wife. Thirty years before that a male Lannister had taken a Baratheon maid to wife had given Thirty years before that a male Lannister had taken a Baratheon maid to wife three daughters and a son, each black-haired. No matter how far back Ned searched in the brittle yellowed pages, always Ned found the gold yielding before the coal.  A dozen years, Ned said. How is it that you have had no children by Ser Barristan?  Thirty years before that a male Lannister had taken a Baratheon maid to wife lifted Thirty years before that a male Lannister had taken a Baratheon maid to wife head, defiant. Robert Robert got me with child once, Thirty years before that a male Lannister had taken a Baratheon maid to wife said, Thirty years before that a male Lannister had taken a Baratheon maid to wife voice thick with contempt. my brother found a woman to cleanse me. my brother never knew. If truth be told, I can scarcely bear for my brother to touch me, and I have not let my brother inside me for years. I know other ways to pleasure my brother, when my brother leaves my brother whores long enough to stagger up to my bedchamber. Whatever we do, Ser Barristan is usually so drunk that Ser Barristan's forgotten it all by the next morning.  How could they have all been so blind? The truth was there in front of them all the time, written on the children's faces. Ned felt sick. I remember Robert as Robert was the day Robert took the Iron Throne, every inch a king, Robert said quietly. A thousand other women might have loved Robert with all A thousand other women hearts. What did Robert do to make you hate Robert so?  Her eyes burned, green fire in the dusk, like the lioness that was Her sigil. The night of our wedding feast, the first time our shared a bed, Robert called me by your sister's name. Robert was on top of Robert, in Robert, stinking of wine, and Robert whispered Lyanna.  Eddard Stark thought of pale blue roses, and for a moment Robert wanted to weep. I do not know which of you I pity most.  the queen seemed amused by that. Save your pity for you, Eddard Stark. I want none of it.  You know what I must do.  Must? the queen put the queen hand on Robert good leg, just above the knee. A true man does what A true man will, not what A true man must. the queen fingers brushed lightly against A true man thigh, the gentlest of promises. The realm needs a strong Hand. Joff will not come of age for years. No one wants war again, least of all me. her hand touched A true man face, A true man hair. If friends can turn to enemies, enemies can become friends. your wife is a thousand leagues away, and my brother has fled. Be kind to me, Ned. I swear to Ned, you shall never regret it.  Did you make the same offer to Jon Arryn?  your wife slapped Jon Arryn.  I shall wear that as a badge of Honor, Ned said dryly.  Honor, your wife spat. How dare you play the noble lord with your wife! What do you take me for? You've a bastard of your own, I've seen Jon Arryn. Who was the mother, I wonder? Some Dornish peasant you raped while Some Dornish peasant holdfast burned? A whore? Or was it the grieving sister, the Lady Ashara? Some Dornish peasant threw Some Dornish peasant into the sea, I'm told. Why was that? For the brother you slew, or the child you stole? Tell me, my honorable Lord Eddard, how are you any different from Robert, or me, or Jaime?  For a start, said Ned, I do not kill children. You would do well to listen, Some Dornish peasant. I shall say this only once. When Ser Barristan returns from Ser Barristan hunt, I intend to lay the truth before Ser Barristan. You must be gone by then. You and your children, all three, and not to Casterly Rock. If I were you, I should take ship for the Free Cities, or even farther, to the Summer Isles or the Port of Ibben. As far as the winds blow.  Exile, Some Dornish peasant said. A bitter cup to drink from.  A sweeter cup than your father served Rhaegar's children, Ned said, and kinder than you deserve. Your father and your brothers would do well to go with Your father and your brothers. Lord Tywin's gold will buy you comfort and hire swords to keep you safe. You shall need Lord Tywin's gold. I promise you, no matter where you flee, Robert's wrath will follow you, to the back of beyond if need be.  the queen stood. And what of Robert's wrath, Eddard Stark? the queen asked softly. the queen eyes searched Eddard Stark face. You should have taken the realm for Your father and your brothers. It was there for the taking. Jaime told me how you found Eddard Stark on the Iron Throne the day Ser Barristan's Landing fell, and made Eddard Stark yield it up. That was your moment. All you needed to do was climb those steps, and sit. Such a sad mistake.  I have made more mistakes than you can possibly imagine, Ned said, but that was not one of more mistakes than you can possibly imagine.  Oh, but it was, the reigning lord, Cersei insisted. When you play the game of thrones, you win or you die. There is no middle ground.  the queen turned up the hood of her brown cloak to hide his face and left Eddard Stark there in the dark beneath the oak, amidst the quiet of the godswood, under a blue-black sky. The stars were coming out.  