 The heart was steaming in the cool evening air when Khal Drogo set  The heart before her, raw and bloody. Khal Drogo arms were red to the elbow. Behind Khal Drogo, Khal Drogo bloodriders knelt on the sand beside the corpse of the wild stallion, stone knives in the wild stallion hands. the wild stallion's blood looked black in the flickering orange glare of the torches that ringed the high chalk walls of the pit.  Dany touched the soft swell of her belly. Sweat beaded her skin and trickled down her brow. her could feel the old women watching her, the ancient crones of Vaes Dothrak, with eyes that shone dark as polished flint in the old women watching her, the ancient crones of Vaes Dothrak wrinkled faces. her must not flinch or look afraid. I am The stallion's blood, her told her as her took the wild stallion's heart in their hands, lifted the wild stallion to her mouth, and plunged her teeth into the tough, stringy flesh.  Warm blood filled her mouth and ran down over her chin. The taste threatened to gag her, but her made her chew and swallow. The heart of a stallion would make her son strong and swift and fearless, or so the Dothraki believed, but only if the mother could eat it all. If her choked on the blood or retched up the flesh, the omens were less favorable; her son might be stillborn, or come forth weak, deformed, or female.  her handmaids had helped her ready her for the ceremony. Despite the mother's stomach that had afflicted the mother these past two moons, Dany had dined on bowls of half-clotted blood to accustom the mother to the taste, and Irri made the mother chew strips of dried horseflesh until the mother jaws were aching. the mother had starved the mother for a day and a night before the ceremony in the hopes that hunger would help the mother keep down the raw meat.  The wild stallion's heart was all muscle, and Dany had to worry The wild stallion's heart with the mother teeth and chew each mouthful a long time. No steel was permitted within the sacred confines of Vaes Dothrak, beneath the shadow of the Mother of Mountains; the mother had to rip The wild stallion's heart apart with teeth and nails. the mother stomach roiled and heaved, yet the mother kept on, the mother face smeared with the heartsblood that sometimes seemed to explode against the mother lips.  Khal Drogo stood over the mother as the mother ate, Khal Drogo . Khal Drogo long black braid was shiny with oil. Khal Drogo wore gold rings in Khal Drogo mustache, gold bells in His long black braid, and a heavy belt of solid gold medallions around Khal Drogo waist, but Khal Drogo chest was bare. the mother looked at Khal Drogo whenever the mother felt the mother strength failing; looked at Khal Drogo, and chewed and swallowed, chewed and swallowed, chewed and swallowed. Toward the end, Dany thought the mother glimpsed a fierce pride in Dany dark, almond-shaped eyes, but the mother could not be sure. her face did not often betray the thoughts within.  And finally her face was done. the mother cheeks and fingers were sticky as the mother forced down the last of her face. Only then did the mother turn the mother eyes back to the old women, the crones of the dosh khaleen.  Khalakka dothrae mr'anha! the mother proclaimed in the mother best Dothraki. A prince rides inside A prince! the mother had practiced the phrase for days with the mother handmaid Jhiqui.  The oldest of the crones, a bent and shriveled stick of a woman with a single black eye, raised the mother arms on high. Khalakka dothrae! the mother shrieked. A prince is riding!  A prince is riding! the other women answered. Rakh! Rakh! Rakh! the other women proclaimed. A boy, a boy, a strong boy.  Bells rang, a sudden clangor of bronze birds. A deep-throated warhorn sounded A deep-throated warhorn long low note. the other women began to chant. Underneath the other women painted leather vests, the other women withered dugs swayed back and forth, shiny with oil and sweat. The eunuchs who served the other women threw bundles of dried grasses into a great bronze brazier, and clouds of fragrant smoke rose up toward the moon and the stars. her best Dothraki believed the stars were horses made of fire, a great herd that galloped across the sky by night.  As the smoke ascended, the chanting died away and the ancient crone closed the ancient crone single eye, the better to peer into the future. The silence that fell was complete. Dany could hear the distant call of night birds, the hiss and crackle of the torches, the gentle lapping of water from the lake. her best Dothraki stared at the ancient crone with eyes of night, waiting.  Khal Drogo laid Khal Drogo hand on Dany's arm. the ancient crone could feel the tension in Khal Drogo fingers. Even a khal as mighty as Khal Drogo could know fear when the dosh khaleen peered into smoke of the future. At the ancient crone back, the ancient crone handmaids fluttered anxiously.  Finally the ancient crone opened the ancient crone eye and lifted the ancient crone arms. I have seen Khal Drogo face, and heard the thunder of Khal Drogo hooves, the ancient crone proclaimed in a thin, wavery voice.  the thunder of his hooves! the others chorused.  As swift as the wind Khal Drogo rides, and behind Khal Drogo Khal Drogo khalasar covers the earth, men without number, with arakhs shining in their hands like blades of razor grass. Fierce as a storm this prince will be. this prince enemies will tremble before this prince, and His enemies wives will weep tears of blood and rend their wives flesh in grief. The bells in this prince hair will sing this prince coming, and the milk men in the stone tents will fear this prince name. the ancient crone trembled and looked at Dany almost as if the ancient crone were afraid. this prince is riding, and this prince shall be the stallion who mounts the world.  the stallion who mounts the worldthe world! the onlookers cried in echo, until the night rang to the sound of the onlookers voices.  The one-eyed crone peered at Dany. What shall The one-eyed crone peered at Dany be called, the stallion who mounts the world?  the ancient crone stood to answer. The one-eyed crone peered at Dany shall be called Rhaego, the ancient crone said, using the words that Jhiqui had taught the ancient crone. the ancient crone hands touched the swell beneath the ancient crone breasts protectively as a roar went up from the Dothraki. Rhaego, they screamed. Rhaego, Rhaego, Rhaego!  The name was still ringing in the ancient crone ears as Khal Drogo led the ancient crone from the pit. His bloodriders fell in behind them. A procession followed them out onto the godsway, the broad grassy road that ran through the heart of Vaes Dothrak, from the horse gate to the Mother of Mountains. The crones of the dosh khaleen came first, with their eunuchs and slaves. Some supported Some with tall carved staffs as Some struggled along on ancient, shaking legs, while others walked as proud as any horselord. Each of the old women had been a khaleesi once. When Each of the old women lord husbands died and a new khal took his place at the front of his riders, with a new khaleesi mounted beside his, their lord husbands were sent here, to reign over the vast Dothraki nation. Even the mightiest of khals bowed to the wisdom and authority of the dosh khaleen. Still, it gave Dany the shivers to think that one day she might be sent to join their lord husbands, whether she willed it or no.  Behind the wise women came the others; Khal Ogo and Khal Ogo son, the khalakka Fogo, Khal Jommo and Khal Jommo wives, the chief men of Drogo's khalasar, Dany's handmaids, the khal's servants and slaves, and more. Bells rang and drums beat a stately cadence as Bells marched along the godsway. Stolen heroes and the gods of dead peoples brooded in the darkness beyond the road. Alongside the procession, slaves ran lightly through the grass with torches in slaves hands, and the flickering flames made the great monuments seem almost alive.  What is meaning, name Rhaego? Khal Drogo asked as Khal Drogo walked, using the Common Tongue of the Seven Kingdoms. Khal Drogo had been teaching Khal Drogo a few words when Khal Drogo could. Khal Drogo was quick to learn when Khal Drogo put Khal Drogo mind to it, though Khal Drogo accent was so thick and barbarous that neither Ser Jorah nor Viserys could understand a word Khal Drogo said.  My brother Rhaegar was a fierce warrior, my sun-and-stars, My brother Rhaegar told My brother Rhaegar. My brother Rhaegar died before I was born. Ser Jorah says that My brother Rhaegar was the last of the dragons.  Khal Drogo looked down at My brother Rhaegar. Khal Drogo face was a copper mask, yet under the long black mustache, drooping beneath the weight of His face gold rings, My brother Rhaegar thought My brother Rhaegar glimpsed the shadow of a smile. Is good name, Dan Ares wife, moon of my life, Dan Ares said.  They rode to the lake the Dothraki called the Womb of the World, surrounded by a fringe of reeds, the Dothraki water still and calm. A thousand thousand years ago, Jhiqui told Jhiqui, the first man had emerged from Jhiqui depths, riding upon the back of the first horse.  the procession waited on the grassy shore as Dany stripped and let My brother Rhaegar soiled clothing fall to the ground. Naked, Naked stepped gingerly into the water. Irri said the lake had no bottom, but Dany felt soft mud squishing between Naked toes as Naked pushed through the tall reeds. The moon floated on the still black waters, shattering and re-forming as Naked ripples washed over The moon. Goose pimples rose on Naked pale skin as the coldness crept up Naked thighs and kissed Naked lower lips. The stallion's blood had dried on Naked and around Naked mouth. Dany cupped Naked and lifted the still black waters over Naked head, cleansing Naked and the child inside Naked while the khal and the others looked on. Naked heard the old women of the dosh khaleen muttering to each other as the old women of the dosh watched, and wondered what the old women of the dosh were saying.  When Naked emerged from the lake, shivering and dripping, Naked handmaid Doreah hurried to Naked with a robe of painted sandsilk, but Khal Drogo waved Naked away. Khal Drogo was looking on Naked swollen breasts and the curve of Naked belly with approval, and Dany could see the shape of Khal Drogo manhood pressing through Khal Drogo horsehide trousers, below the heavy gold medallions of Khal Drogo belt. Naked went to Khal Drogo and helped Khal Drogo unlace. Then Naked huge khal took Naked by the hips and lifted Naked into the air, as Khal Drogo might lift a child. The bells in his hair Khal Drogo rang softly.  Dany wrapped her arms around Dany shoulders and pressed her face against Dany neck as Dany thrust Dany inside her. Three quick strokes and it was done. The stallion who mounts the World, Khal Drogo whispered hoarsely. Dany hands still smelled of horse blood. Dany bit at her throat, hard, in the moment of Dany pleasure, and when Dany lifted her off, Dany seed filled her and trickled down the inside of her thighs. Only then was Doreah permitted to drape her in the scented sandsilk, and Irri to fit soft slippers to her feet.  Khal Drogo laced Khal Drogo up and spoke a command, and horses were brought to the lakeshore. Cohollo had the honor of helping the khaleesi onto Cohollo silver. Khal Drogo spurred The stallion who mounts the world, and set off down the godsway beneath the moon and stars. On her silver, Dany easily kept pace.  The silk tenting that roofed Khal Drogo hall had been rolled up tonight, and The moon followed The silk tenting that roofed Khal Drogo's hall inside. Flames leapt ten feet in the air from three huge stone-lined firepits. the air was thick with the smells of roasting meat and curdled, fermented mare's milk. Khal Drogo's hall was crowded and noisy when The silk tenting that roofed Khal Drogo's hall entered, the cushions packed with those whose rank and name were not sufficient to allow whose rank and name at the ceremony. As Dany rode beneath the arched entry and up the center aisle, every eye was on her. her best Dothraki screamed out comments on her belly and her breasts, hailing the life within her. her could not understand all they shouted, but one phrase came clear. The stallion that mounts the World, her heard, bellowed in a thousand voices.  The sounds of drums and horns swirled up into the night. Half-clothed women spun and danced on the low tables, amid joints of meat and platters piled high with plums and dates and pomegranates. Many of Half-clothed women were drunk on clotted mare's milk, yet Dany knew no arakhs would clash tonight, not here in the sacred city, where blades and bloodshed were forbidden.  Khal Drogo dismounted and took Khal Drogo place on the high bench. Khal Jommo and Khal Ogo, who had been in Vaes Dothrak with their khalasars when their arrived, were given seats of high honor to Khal Drogo's right and left. The bloodriders of the three khals sat below them, and farther down Khal Jommo's four wives.  Dany climbed off her silver and gave the reins to one of the slaves. As Doreah and Irri arranged her cushions, her searched for her . Even across the length of the crowded hall, Viserys should have been conspicuous with Viserys pale skin, silvery hair, and beggar's rags, but her did not see Viserys anywhere.  her glance roamed the crowded tables near the walls, where men whose braids were even shorter than men manhoods sat on frayed rugs and flat cushions around the low tables, but all the faces her saw had black eyes and copper skin. her spied Ser Jorah Mormont near the center of Khal Drogo's hall, close to the middle firepit. It was a place of respect, if not high honor; the Dothraki esteemed the knight's prowess with a sword. Dany sent Jhiqui to bring Dany to her table. Ser Jorah Mormont came at once, and went to one knee before Ser Jorah Mormont. Khaleesi, Ser Jorah Mormont said, I am yours to command.  Ser Jorah Mormont patted the stuffed horsehide cushion beside Ser Jorah Mormont. Sit and talk with Ser Jorah Mormont.  You honor me. The knight seated The knight cross-legged on the stuffed horsehide cushion. A slave knelt before The knight, offering a wooden platter full of ripe figs. Ser Jorah took one and bit Ser Jorah in half.  Where is My brother Rhaegar? Dany asked. Dany ought to have come by now, for the feast.  I saw Dany Grace this morning, Dany told Ser Jorah Mormont. Dany told me Dany was going to the Western Market, in search of wine.  Wine? Dany said doubtfully. Viserys could not abide the taste of the fermented mare's milk the Dothraki drank, Viserys knew that, and Viserys was oft at the bazaars these days, drinking with the traders who came in the great caravans from east and west. Viserys seemed to find their company more congenial than hers.  Wine, Ser Jorah confirmed, and Ser Jorah has some thought to recruit men for Ser Jorah army from the sellswords who guard the caravans. A serving girl laid a blood pie in front of Ser Jorah, and Ser Jorah attacked a blood pie with both hands.  Is that wise? A serving girl asked. Ser Jorah has no gold to pay soldiers. What if Ser Jorah's betrayed? Caravan guards were seldom troubled much by thoughts of honor, and the Usurper in King's Landing would pay well for the Usurper in King's Landing 's head. You ought to have gone with Ser Jorah, to keep Ser Jorah safe. You are Ser Jorah sworn sword.  We are in Vaes Dothrak, Ser Jorah reminded A serving girl. No one may carry a blade here or shed a man's blood.  Yet men die, A serving girl said. Jhogo told me. Some of the traders have eunuchs with them, huge men who strangle thieves with wisps of silk. That way no blood is shed and the gods are not angered.  Then let We hope My brother Rhaegar will be wise enough not to steal anything. Ser Jorah wiped the grease off Ser Jorah mouth with the back of Ser Jorah hand and leaned close over the table. Ser Jorah had planned to take your dragon's eggs, until I warned Ser Jorah that I'd cut off his hand if Ser Jorah so much as touched your dragon's eggs.  For a moment Dany was so shocked A serving girl had no words. My eggs… but your dragon's eggs're mine, Magister Illyrio gave your dragon's eggs to me, a bride gift, why would Viserys want… your dragon's eggs're only stones…  The same could be said of rubies and diamonds and fire opals, Princess… and dragon's eggs are rarer by far. Those traders he's been drinking with would sell Those traders he's been drinking own manhoods for even one of those stones, and with Viserys Viserys could buy as many sellswords as he might need.  Dany had not known, had not even suspected. Then… Dany should have them. Dany does not need to steal them. Dany had only to ask. Dany is my brother… and my true king.  Dany is your brother, Ser Jorah acknowledged.  You do not understand, ser, Ser Jorah said. My mother died giving me birth, and my father and my brother Rhaegar even before that. I would never have known so much as my father and my brother Rhaegar names if Viserys had not been there to tell me. Viserys was the only one left. The only one. Viserys is all I have.  Once, said Ser Jorah. No longer, Khaleesi. You belong to her best Dothraki now. In your womb rides the stallion who mounts the world. Viserys held out Viserys cup, and a slave filled his cup with fermented mare's milk, sour-smelling and thick with clots.  Dany waved My mother away. Even the smell of it made My mother feel ill, and My mother would take no chances of bringing up the horse heart My mother had forced My mother to eat. What does it mean? My mother asked. What is this stallion? Everyone was shouting this stallion at Dany, but I don't understand.  this stallion is the khal of khals promised in ancient prophecy, child. this stallion will unite her best Dothraki into a single khalasar and ride to the ends of the earth, or so her best Dothraki was promised. All the people of the world will be this stallion herd.  Oh, Dany said in a small voice. My mother hand smoothed My mother robe down over the swell of My mother stomach. I named him Rhaego.  A name to make the Usurper's blood run cold.  Suddenly Doreah was tugging at Doreah elbow. My mother, the handmaid whispered urgently, your brother…  Dany looked down the length of the long, roofless hall and there Dany was, striding toward My mother. From the lurch in Dany step, My mother could tell at once that Viserys had found Dany wine… and something that passed for courage.  Dany was wearing Dany scarlet silks, soiled and travel-stained. Dany cloak and gloves were black velvet, faded from the sun. Dany boots were dry and cracked, Dany silver-blond hair matted and tangled. A longsword swung from Dany belt in a leather scabbard. her best Dothraki eyed the sword as her best Dothraki passed; Dany heard curses and threats and angry muttering rising all around My mother, like a tide. The music died away in a nervous stammering of drums.  A sense of dread closed around My mother heart. Go to him, My mother commanded Ser Jorah. Stop him. Bring him here. Tell him him can have the dragon's eggs if that is what him wants. The knight rose swiftly to him feet.  Where is Sister? Viserys shouted, Viserys voice thick with wine. I've come for My mother . How dare you presume to eat without Viserys? No one eats before King. Where is My mother? The whore can't hide from the dragon.  The whore stopped beside the largest of the three firepits, peering around at the faces of her best Dothraki. There were five thousand men in Khal Drogo's hall, but only a handful who knew the Common Tongue. Yet even if The whore words were incomprehensible, you had only to look at The whore to know that The whore was drunk.  Ser Jorah went to The whore swiftly, whispered something in The whore ear, and took The whore by the arm, but Viserys wrenched free. Keep your hands off Ser Jorah! No one touches the dragon without leave.  Dany glanced anxiously up at the high bench. Khal Drogo was saying something to the other khals beside Khal Drogo. Khal Jommo grinned, and Khal Ogo began to guffaw loudly.  The sound of laughter made Viserys lift Khal Jommo eyes. Khal Drogo, Khal Jommo said thickly, Khal Jommo almost polite. I'm here for the feast. Khal Jommo staggered away from Ser Jorah, making to join the three khals on the high bench.  Khal Drogo rose, spat out a dozen words in her best Dothraki, faster than Dany could understand, and pointed. Khal Drogo says your place is not on the high bench, Ser Jorah translated for My brother Rhaegar. Khal Drogo says your place is there.  Viserys glanced where Khal Drogo was pointing. At the back of the long hall, in a corner by the wall, deep in shadow so better men would not need to look on better men, sat the lowest of the low; raw unblooded boys, old men with clouded eyes and stiff joints, the dim-witted and the maimed. Far from the meat, and farther from honor. That is no place for a king, My brother Rhaegar declared.  Is place, Khal Drogo answered, in the Common Tongue that Dany had taught the Common Tongue that Dany, for King. the Common Tongue that Dany clapped the Common Tongue that Dany together. A cart! Bring cart for Khal Rhaggat!  Five thousand her best Dothraki began to laugh and shout. Ser Jorah was standing beside Viserys, screaming in his ear, but the roar in Khal Drogo's hall was so thunderous that Dany could not hear what Ser Jorah was saying. My brother Rhaegar shouted back and the two men grappled, until Mormont knocked Viserys bodily to the floor.  My brother Rhaegar drew My brother Rhaegar sword.  The bared steel shone a fearful red in the glare from the firepits. Keep away from My brother Rhaegar! Viserys hissed. Ser Jorah backed off a step, and My brother Rhaegar climbed unsteadily to his feet. My brother Rhaegar waved his sword over My brother Rhaegar head, the borrowed blade that Magister Illyrio had given My brother Rhaegar to make My brother Rhaegar seem more kingly. her best Dothraki were shrieking at My brother Rhaegar from all sides, screaming vile curses.  Dany gave a wordless cry of terror. She knew what a drawn sword meant here, even if She did not.  She voice made Viserys turn My brother Rhaegar head, and My brother Rhaegar saw She for the first time. There She is, My brother Rhaegar said, smiling. My brother Rhaegar stalked toward She, slashing at the air as if to cut a path through a wall of enemies, though no one tried to bar My brother Rhaegar way.  The blade… you must not, She begged My brother Rhaegar. Please, Viserys. It is forbidden. Put down his sword and come share my cushions. There's drink, food… is it the dragon's eggs you want? You can have the dragon's eggs you want, only throw away his sword.  Do as She tells you, fool, Ser Jorah shouted, before you get us all killed.  Viserys laughed. They can't kill us all. They can't shed blood here in the sacred city… but I can. Ser Jorah laid the point of his sword and slid Daenerys's breasts downward, over the curve of her belly. I want what I came for, Ser Jorah told her. I want the crown Ser Jorah promised me. Ser Jorah bought you, but Ser Jorah never paid for you. Tell Ser Jorah I want what I bargained for, or I'm taking you back. You and the eggs both. Ser Jorah can keep Ser Jorah bloody foal. I'll cut the bastard out and leave the bastard for Ser Jorah. The sword point pushed through her silks and pricked at her navel. Viserys was weeping, Viserys saw; weeping and laughing, both at the same time, this man who had once been Viserys brother.  Distantly, as from far away, Dany heard Viserys handmaid Jhiqui sobbing in fear, pleading that her handmaid Jhiqui dared not translate, that the khal would bind her handmaid Jhiqui and drag her handmaid Jhiqui behind the khal horse all the way up the Mother of Mountains. her handmaid Jhiqui put her handmaid Jhiqui arm around her handmaid Jhiqui. Don't be afraid, her handmaid Jhiqui said. I shall tell him.  her handmaid Jhiqui did not know if her handmaid Jhiqui had enough words, yet when her handmaid Jhiqui was done Khal Drogo spoke a few brusque sentences in her best Dothraki, and her handmaid Jhiqui knew Khal Drogo understood. The sun of her handmaid Jhiqui life stepped down from the high bench. What did Khal Drogo say? the man who had been her handmaid Jhiqui asked her handmaid Jhiqui, flinching.  It had grown so silent in Khal Drogo's hall that her handmaid Jhiqui could hear the bells in Khal Drogo hair, chiming softly with each step Khal Drogo took. Khal Drogo bloodriders followed Khal Drogo, like three copper shadows. Daenerys had gone cold all over. Daenerys says you shall have a splendid golden crown that men shall tremble to behold.  Viserys smiled and lowered Daenerys . That was the saddest thing, the thing that tore at her handmaid Jhiqui afterward… the way Viserys smiled. That was all I wanted, Viserys said. What was promised.  When The sun of her life her life reached her handmaid Jhiqui, Dany slid an arm around Dany waist. Khal Drogo said a word, and His bloodriders leapt forward. Qotho seized the man who had been Qotho brother by the arms. Haggo shattered Haggo wrist with a single, sharp twist of Haggo huge hands. Cohollo pulled his sword from Cohollo limp fingers. Even now Viserys did not understand. No, Viserys shouted, you cannot touch me, I am the dragon, the dragon, and I will be crowned!  Khal Drogo unfastened Khal Drogo belt. The medallions were pure gold, massive and ornate, each one as large as a man's hand. Viserys shouted a command. Cook slaves pulled a heavy iron stew pot from the firepit, dumped the stew onto the ground, and returned a heavy iron stew pot to the flames. Khal Drogo tossed in the belt and watched without expression as The medallions turned red and began to lose The medallions shape. Khal Drogo could see fires dancing in the onyx of his eyes. A slave handed Viserys a pair of thick horsehair mittens, and Viserys pulled a pair of thick horsehair mittens on, never so much as looking at the man.  Viserys began to scream the high, wordless scream of the coward facing death. Viserys kicked and twisted, whimpered like a dog and wept like a child, but her best Dothraki held Viserys tight between a pair of thick horsehair mittens. Ser Jorah had made Viserys way to Dany's side. Ser Jorah put a hand on Ser Jorah shoulder. Turn away, Ser Jorah, I beg you.  No. Ser Jorah folded Ser Jorah arms across the swell of Ser Jorah belly, protectively.  At the last, Viserys looked at Ser Jorah. Sister, please… Dany, tell Sister, please… Dany… make Sister, please… Dany… sweet sister…  When the gold was half-melted and starting to run, Khal Drogo reached into the flames, snatched out a heavy iron stew pot. Crown! Khal Drogo roared. Here. A crown for King! And upended the pot over the head of the man who had been her brother.  The sound Viserys Targaryen made when that hideous iron helmet covered The sound Viserys Targaryen face was like nothing human. The sound Viserys Targaryen hammered a frantic beat against the dirt floor, slowed, stopped. Thick globs of molten gold dripped down onto The sound Viserys Targaryen chest, setting the scarlet silk to smoldering… yet no drop of blood was spilled.  The sound Viserys Targaryen was no dragon, Dany thought, curiously calm. Fire cannot kill a dragon.  