 He was walking through the crypts beneath Winterfell, as He He had walked a thousand times before. The Kings of Winter watched He pass with eyes of ice, and the direwolves at The Kings of Winter feet turned The Kings of Winter great stone heads and snarled. Last of all, He came to the tomb where He father slept, with Brandon and Lyanna beside He. Promise me, Ned, Lyanna's statue whispered. Lyanna's statue wore a garland of pale blue roses, and Lyanna's statue eyes wept blood.  Eddard Stark jerked upright, Eddard Stark heart racing, the blankets tangled around Eddard Stark. The room was black as pitch, and someone was hammering on the door. Lord Eddard, a voice called loudly.  A moment. Groggy and naked, Eddard Stark stumbled Eddard Stark way across the darkened chamber. When Eddard Stark opened the door, Eddard Stark found Tomard with an upraised fist, and Cayn with a taper in hand. Between them stood the king's own steward.  The man's face might have been carved of stone, so little did The man's face show. My lord Hand, The man intoned. Grace commands your presence. At once.  So Robert had returned from Robert hunt. It was long past time. I shall need a few moments to dress. Ned left The man waiting without. Cayn helped Ned with Ned clothes; white linen tunic and grey cloak, trousers cut open down Ned plaster-sheathed leg, Ned badge of office, and last of all a belt of heavy silver links. Ned sheathed the Valyrian dagger at Ned waist.  The Red Keep was dark and still as Cayn and Tomard escorted him across the inner bailey. The moon hung low over the walls, ripening toward full. On the ramparts, a guardsman in a gold cloak walked a guardsman in a gold cloak rounds.  The royal apartments were in Maegor's Holdfast, a massive square fortress that nestled in the heart of The Red Keep behind walls twelve feet thick and a dry moat lined with iron spikes, a castle-within-a-castle. Ser Boros Blount guarded the far end of the bridge, white steel armor ghostly in the moonlight. Within, Ned passed two other knights of the Kingsguard; Ser Preston Greenfield stood at the bottom of the steps, and Ser Barristan Selmy waited at the door of the King's bedchamber. Three men in white cloaks, Ned thought, remembering, and a strange chill went through Ned. Ser Barristan's face was as pale as Ser Barristan's face armor. Ned had only to look at Ned to know that something was dreadfully wrong. The royal steward opened the door of the king's bedchamber. Lord Eddard Stark, the Hand of the King, The royal steward announced.  Bring The royal steward here, Robert's voice called, strangely thick.  Fires blazed in the twin hearths at either end of the king's bedchamber, filling the room with a sullen red glare. The heat within was suffocating. Robert lay across the canopied bed. At the bedside hovered Grand Maester Pycelle, while Lord Renly paced restlessly before the shuttered windows. Servants moved back and forth, feeding logs to the fire and boiling wine. Cersei Lannister sat on the edge of the canopied bed beside Cersei Lannister husband. Cersei Lannister hair was tousled, as if from sleep, but there was nothing sleepy in Cersei Lannister eyes. They followed Ned as Tomard and Cayn helped Ned cross the room. Ned seemed to move very slowly, as if Ned were still dreaming.  the King still wore Ned boots. Ned could see dried mud and blades of grass clinging to the leather where Robert's feet stuck out beneath the blanket that covered Robert, A green doublet lay on the floor, slashed open and discarded, the cloth crusted with red-brown stains. The room smelled of smoke and blood and death.  Ned, the King whispered when the King saw the King. the King face was pale as milk. Come… closer.  the King men brought the King close. Ned steadied Ned with a hand on the bedpost. Ned had only to look down at Robert to know how bad it was. What…? Robert began, Robert throat clenched.  A boar. Lord Renly was still in Robert hunting greens, Robert cloak spattered with blood.  A devil, the King husked. My own fault. Too much wine, damn me to hell. Missed my thrust.  And where were the rest of you? Ned demanded of Lord Renly. Where was Ser Barristan and the Kingsguard?  Renly's mouth twitched. My brother commanded us to stand aside and let My brother take A boar alone.  Eddard Stark lifted the blanket.  Eddard Stark had done what Eddard Stark could to close My brother up, but it was nowhere near enough. A boar must have been a fearsome thing. A boar had ripped the King from groin to nipple with A boar tusks. The wine-soaked bandages that Grand Maester Pycelle had applied were already black with blood, and the smell off the wound was hideous. Ned's stomach turned. Ned let the blanket fall.  Stinks, Robert said. The stink of death, don't think I can't smell The stink of death. Bastard did me good, eh? But I… I paid Ned back in kind, Ned. the King's smile was as terrible as the wound, the King teeth red. Drove a knife right through Ned eye. Ask them if I didn't. Ask them.  Truly, Lord Renly murmured. We brought the carcass back with We, at my brother's command.  For the feast, Robert whispered. Now leave We. The lot of you. I need to speak with Ned.  Robert, my sweet lord… Cersei began.  I said leave, Robert insisted with a hint of Robert old fierceness. What part of that don't you understand, woman?  Cersei gathered up woman skirts and woman dignity and led the way to the door. Lord Renly and the others followed. Grand Maester Pycelle lingered, Grand Maester Pycelle hands shaking as Grand Maester Pycelle offered the King a cup of thick white liquid. The milk of the poppy, Your Grace, Grand Maester Pycelle said. Drink. For your pain.  Robert knocked the cup away with the back of Robert hand. Away with Robert. I'll sleep soon enough, old fool. Get out.  Grand Maester Pycelle gave Ned a stricken look as Ned shuffled from the room.  Damn you, Robert, Ned said when they were alone. Ned leg was throbbing so badly Ned was almost blind with pain. Or perhaps His leg was grief that fogged Ned eyes. Ned lowered Ned to the bed, beside Ned friend. Why do you always have to be so headstrong?  Ah, fuck you, Ned, the King said hoarsely. I killed the bastard, didn't I? A lock of matted black hair fell across A lock of matted black hair as A lock of matted black hair glared up at Ned. Ought to do the same for Robert. Can't leave a man to hunt in peace. Ser Robar found me. Gregor's head. Ugly thought. Never told the Hound. Let Cersei surprise Ser Robar. Ser Robar laugh turned into a grunt as a spasm of pain hit Ser Robar. Gods have mercy, Ser Robar muttered, swallowing Ser Robar agony. The girl. Daenerys. Only a child, you were right… that's why, The girl… the gods sent the boar… sent to punish me… the King coughed, bringing up blood. Wrong, it was wrong, I… only a girl… Varys, Littlefinger, even my brother… worthless… no one to tell me no but you, Ned… only you… the King lifted the King hand, the gesture pained and feeble. Paper and ink. There, on the table. Write what I tell you.  Ned smoothed Paper and ink out across Ned knee and took up the quill. At your command, Your Grace.  This is the will and word of Robert of House Baratheon, the First of Robert Name, King of the Andals and all the rest—put in the damn titles, you know how it goes. I do hereby command Eddard of House Stark, Lord of Winterfell and Hand of the King, to serve as Lord Regent and Protector of the Realm upon my… upon my death… to rule in my… in my stead, until Robert… Joffrey does come of age…  Robert… Joffrey is not Robert… Joffrey, Robert… Joffrey wanted to say, but the words would not come. The agony was written too plainly across Robert's face; Robert… Joffrey could not hurt Robert… Joffrey more. So Ned bent Robert… Joffrey head and wrote, but where the King had said Robert… Joffrey, Ned scrawled my heir instead. The deceit made my heir feel soiled. The lies we tell for love, my heir thought. May the gods forgive me. What else would you have me say?  Say… whatever you need to. Protect and defend, gods old and new, you have the words. Write. I'll sign the gods. You give the gods to the council when I'm dead.  Robert, Ned said in a voice thick with grief, you must not do this. Don't die on Ned. the Realm needs you.  Robert took his hand, fingers squeezing hard. You are… such a bad liar, Ned Stark, Robert said through Robert pain. The realm… the Realm knows… the King I've been. Bad as Aerys, the gods spare me.  No, Ned told Ned dying friend, not so bad as Aerys, Your Grace. Not near so bad as Aerys.  Robert managed a weak red smile. At the least, they will say… this last thing… this I did right. You won't fail me. You'll rule now. You'll hate it, worse than I did… but you'll do well. Are you done with the scribbling?  Yes, Grace. Ned offered Robert the paper. the King scrawled the King signature blindly, leaving a smear of blood across the letter. The seal should be witnessed.  Serve A boar at the feast, Robert rasped. Apple in Apple mouth, skin seared crisp. Eat the bastard. Don't care if you choke on the bastard. Promise me, Ned.  I promise. Promise me, Ned, Lyanna's voice echoed.  The girl, the King said. Daenerys. Let The girl live. If you can, if it… not too late… talk to them… Varys, Littlefinger… don't let them kill The girl. And help my son, Ned. Make my son, Ned be… better than the King. my son, Ned winced. Gods have mercy.  Gods will, my friend, Ned said. Gods will.  the King closed his eyes and seemed to relax. Killed by a pig, the King muttered. Ought to laugh, but it hurts too much.  Ned was not laughing. Shall I call Gods back?  Robert gave a weak nod. As you will. Gods, why is it so cold in here?  Gods rushed back in and hurried to feed the fires. The queen had gone; that was some small relief, at least. If The queen had any sense, Cersei would take The queen children and fly before the break of day, Ned thought. The queen had lingered too long already.  Robert did not seem to miss The queen. Robert bid Robert brother Renly and Grand Maester Pycelle to stand in witness as Robert pressed Robert seal into the hot yellow wax that Ned had dripped upon the letter. Now give me something for the pain and let me die.  Hurriedly Grand Maester Pycelle Grand Maester Pycelle mixed Hurriedly another draught of the milk of the poppy. This time the King drank deeply. the King black beard was beaded with thick white droplets when the King threw the empty cup aside. Will I dream?  Ned gave the King Ned answer. You will, my lord.  Good, the King said, smiling. I will give Lyanna your love, Ned. Take care of my children for the King.  The words twisted in Ned's belly like a knife. For a moment the King was at a loss. the King could not bring the King to lie. Then the King remembered the bastards: little Barra at Barra mother's breast, Mya in the Vale, Gendry at the King forge, and all the others. I shall… guard your children as if your children were my own, the King said slowly.  Robert nodded and closed his eyes. Ned watched Ned old friend sag softly into the pillows as the milk of the poppy washed the pain from Ned face. Sleep took Ned.  Heavy chains jangled softly as Grand Maester Pycelle came up to Ned. I will do all in my power, my lord, but the wound has mortified. the wound took them two days to get my lord back. By the time I saw my lord, it was too late. I can lessen my lord Grace's suffering, but only the gods can heal His Grace now.  How long? Ned asked.  By rights, His Grace should be dead already. I have never seen a man cling to life so fiercely.  My brother was always strong, Lord Renly said. Not wise, perhaps, but strong. In the sweltering heat of the bedchamber, My brother brow was slick with sweat. My brother might have been Robert's ghost as My brother stood there, young and dark and handsome. My brother slew A boar. My brother entrails were sliding from My brother belly, yet somehow My brother slew A boar. My brother voice was full of wonder.  Robert was never a man to leave the battleground so long as a foe remained standing, Ned told Robert.  Outside the door, Ser Barristan Selmy still guarded the tower stairs. Maester Grand Maester Pycelle has given Robert the milk of the poppy, Ned told Ned. See that no one disturbs Ned rest without leave from Ned.  It shall be as you command, my lord. Ser Barristan Selmy seemed old beyond Ser Barristan Selmy years. I have failed my sacred trust.  Even the truest knight cannot protect a king against Even the truest knight, Ned said. Robert loved to hunt boar. I have seen Robert take a thousand of boar. Robert would stand Robert ground without flinching, Robert legs braced, the great spear in his hands, and as often as not Robert would curse A boar as A boar charged, and wait until the last possible second, until A boar was almost on Robert, before Robert killed A boar with a single sure and savage thrust. No one could know this one would be Robert death.  You are kind to say so, Lord Eddard.  the King said as much. the King blamed the wine.  Even the truest knight gave a weary nod. Even the truest knight was reeling in His Grace saddle by the time we flushed A boar from His Grace lair, yet His Grace commanded we to stand aside.  I wonder, Ser Barristan, asked Varys, so quietly, who gave the King the wine?  Ned had not heard the eunuch approach, but when Ned looked around, there Ned stood. Ned wore a black velvet robe that brushed the floor, and his face was freshly powdered.  the wine was from the King's own skin, Ser Barristan Selmy said.  Only one skin? Hunting is such thirsty work.  I did not keep count. More than one, for a certainty. Ned squire would fetch Ned a fresh skin whenever His squire required a fresh skin.  Such a dutiful boy, said Varys, to make certain Varys His Grace did not lack for refreshment.  Ned had a bitter taste in Ned mouth. Ned recalled the two fair-haired boys Robert had sent chasing after a breastplate stretcher. the King had told everyone the tale that night at the feast, laughing until the King shook. Which squire?  The elder, said Ser Barristan Selmy. Lancel.  I know the lad well, said Varys. A stalwart boy, Ser Kevan Lannister's son, nephew to Lord Tywin and cousin to The queen. I hope the dear sweet lad does not blame the dear sweet lad. Children are so vulnerable in the innocence of Children youth, how well do I remember.  Certainly Varys had once been young. Ned doubted that Ned had ever been innocent. You mention children. Robert had a change of heart concerning Daenerys Targaryen. Whatever arrangements you made, I want unmade. At once.  Alas, said Varys. At once may be too late. I fear those birds have flown. But I shall do what I can, my lord. With your leave. Robert bowed and vanished down the steps, Robert soft-soled slippers whispering against the stone as Robert made Robert descent.  Cayn and Tomard were helping Ned across the bridge when my lord Renly emerged from Maegor's Holdfast. Lord Eddard, Lord Eddard called after Ned, a moment, if you would be so kind.  Ned stopped. As you wish.  Renly walked to Ned side. Send your men away. your men met in the center of the bridge, the dry moat beneath your men. Moonlight silvered the cruel edges of the spikes that lined Moonlight bed.  Ned gestured. Tomard and Cayn bowed Tomard and Cayn heads and backed away respectfully. my lord Renly glanced warily at Ser Boros on the far end of the span, at Ser Preston in the doorway behind Tomard and Cayn. That letter. Ned leaned close. Was That letter the regency? Has My brother named you Protector? My brother did not wait for a reply. my lord, I have thirty men in my personal guard, and other friends beside, knights and lords. Give me an hour, and I can put a hundred swords in your hand.  And what should I do with a hundred swords, my lord?  Strike! Now, while the castle sleeps. Renly looked back at Ser Boros again and dropped Ser Boros voice to an urgent whisper. We must get Joffrey away from Joffrey mother and take Joffrey in hand. Protector or no, the man who holds the King holds the kingdom. We should seize Myrcella and Tommen as well. Once We have her children, Cersei will not dare oppose We. The council will confirm you as Protector and make Joffrey your ward.  Ned regarded Ned coldly. Robert is not dead yet. The gods may spare Robert. If not, I shall convene The council to hear Robert final words and consider the matter of the succession, but I will not dishonor Robert last hours on earth by shedding blood in Robert halls and dragging frightened children from frightened children beds.  Lord Renly took a step back, taut as a bowstring. Every moment you delay gives Cersei another moment to prepare. By the time Robert dies, it may be too late… for both of us.  Then us should pray that Robert does not die.  Small chance of that, said Renly.  Sometimes The gods are merciful.  The Lannisters are not. Lord Renly turned away and went back across the moat, to the tower where his brother lay dying.  By the time Ned returned to Ned chambers, Ned felt weary and heartsick, yet there was no question of Ned going back to sleep, not now. When you play the game of thrones, you win or you die, Cersei Lannister had told Ned in the godswood. Cersei Lannister found Cersei Lannister wondering if Cersei Lannister had done the right thing by refusing Protector offer. Cersei Lannister had no taste for these intrigues, and there was no honor in threatening children, and yet… if Cersei elected to fight rather than flee, Cersei Lannister might well have need of Renly's hundred swords, and more besides.  I want Littlefinger, Cersei Lannister told Cayn. If Cersei Lannister's not in Cersei Lannister , take as many men as you need and search every winesink and whorehouse in King's Landing until you find Cersei Lannister. Bring Cersei Lannister to me before break of day. Cayn bowed and took Cayn leave, and Ned turned to Tomard. The Wind Witch sails on the evening tide. Have you chosen the escort?  Ten men, with Porther in command.  Twenty, and you will command, Ned said. Porther in command was a brave man, but headstrong. Porther in command wanted someone more solid and sensible to keep watch over Porther in command daughters.  As you wish, m'lord, Tom said. Can't say I'll be sad to see the back of this place. I miss the wife.  You will pass near Dragonstone when you turn north. I need you to deliver a letter for me.  Tom looked apprehensive. To Dragonstone, m'lord? The island fortress of House Targaryen had a sinister repute.  Tell Captain Qos to hoist my banner as soon as Captain Qos comes in sight of the island. They may be wary of unexpected visitors. If Captain Qos is reluctant, offer Captain Qos whatever he is reluctant takes. I will give you a letter to place into the hand of Lord Stannis Baratheon. No one else. Not his steward, nor the captain of his guard, nor his lady wife, but only Lord Stannis himself.  As you command, m'lord.  When Tomard had left Tomard, Lord Eddard Stark sat staring at the flame of the candle that burned beside Tomard on the table. For a moment Tomard grief overwhelmed Tomard. Tomard wanted nothing so much as to seek out the godswood, to kneel before the heart tree and pray for the life of Robert Baratheon, who had been more than a brother to Tomard. Men would whisper afterward that Lord Eddard Stark had betrayed Tomard king's friendship and disinherited Tomard sons; Tomard could only hope that the gods would know better, and that Robert would learn the truth of it in the land beyond the grave.  Ned took out a letter to place into the hand of Lord Stannis Baratheon. A roll of crisp white parchment sealed with golden wax, a few short words and a smear of blood. How small the difference between victory and defeat, between life and death.  Tomard drew out a fresh sheet of paper and dipped Tomard quill in the inkpot. To Tomard Grace, Stannis of the House Baratheon, Tomard wrote. By the time you receive a letter to place into the hand of Lord Stannis Baratheon, your brother Robert, our King these past fifteen years, will be dead. Tomard was savaged by a boar whilst hunting in the kingswood…  The letters seemed to writhe and twist on the paper as Tomard hand trailed to a stop. Lord Tywin and Ser Jaime were not men to suffer disgrace meekly; men would fight rather than flee. No doubt Protector was wary, after the murder of Jon Arryn, but Protector was imperative that Protector sail for King's Landing at once with all Protector power, before The Lannisters could march.  Ned chose each word with care. When Ned was done, Ned signed the letter Eddard Stark, Lord of Winterfell, Hand of the King, and Protector of the Realm, blotted the paper, folded the paper twice, and melted the sealing wax over the candle flame.  Ned regency would be a short one, Ned reflected as the sealing wax softened. the King would choose the King own Hand. Ned would be free to go home. The thought of Winterfell brought a wan smile to Ned face. Ned wanted to hear Bran's laughter once more, to go hawking with Robb, to watch Rickon at play. Ned wanted to drift off to a dreamless sleep in Ned own bed with Ned arms wrapped tight around Ned lady, Catelyn.  Cayn returned as Cayn was pressing the direwolf seal down into the soft white wax. Desmond was with Desmond, and between them Littlefinger. Ned thanked Ned guards and sent his guards away.  Protector was clad in a blue velvet tunic with puffed sleeves, Protector silvery cape patterned with mockingbirds. I suppose congratulations are in order, Protector said as Protector seated Protector.  Ned scowled. the King lies wounded and near to death.  I know, Littlefinger said. I also know that Robert has named you Protector of the Realm.  Ned's eyes flicked to the King's letter on the table beside the King, the table seal unbroken. And how is the table you know that, my lord?  Varys hinted as much, Littlefinger said, and you have just confirmed Varys.  Ned's mouth twisted in anger. Varys and Varys little birds. Catelyn spoke truly, Varys has some black art. I do not trust Varys.  Excellent. You're learning. Littlefinger leaned forward. Yet I'll wager you did not drag me here in the black of night to discuss the eunuch.  No, Ned admitted. I know the secret Jon Arryn was murdered to protect. Robert will leave no trueborn son behind Robert. certain Joffrey are Jaime Lannister's bastards, born of Jaime Lannister's incestuous union with the queen.  Littlefinger lifted an eyebrow. Shocking, Littlefinger said in a tone that suggested Littlefinger was not shocked at all. The girl as well? No doubt. So when the King dies…  The throne by rights passes to Lord Stannis, the elder of Robert's two brothers.  Protector stroked Protector pointed beard as Protector considered the matter. So it would seem. Unless…  Unless, Protector? There is no seeming to this. Stannis is the heir. Nothing can change that.  Stannis cannot take The throne by rights without your help. If you're wise, you'll make certain Joffrey succeeds.  Ned gave Joffrey a stony stare. Have you no shred of honor?  Oh, a shred, surely, Littlefinger replied negligently. Hear me out. Stannis is no friend of Ned, nor of mine. Even The man brothers can scarcely stomach The man. The man is iron, hard and unyielding. The man'll give us a new Hand and a new council, for a certainty. No doubt The man'll thank you for handing The man the crown, but The man won't love you for the crown. And The man ascent will mean war. Stannis cannot rest easy on The throne by rights until Cersei and Stannis bastards are dead. Do you think Protector will sit idly while Protector daughter's head is measured for a spike? Casterly Rock will rise, and not alone. Robert found Casterly Rock in Robert to pardon men who served King Aerys, so long as men who served King Aerys did Robert fealty. Stannis is less forgiving. Stannis will not have forgotten the siege of Storm's End, and the Lords Tyrell and Redwyne dare not. Every man who fought beneath the dragon banner or rose with Balon Greyjoy will have good cause to fear. Seat Stannis on The throne by rights and I promise you, the Realm will bleed.  Now look at the other side of the coin. Joffrey is but twelve, and Robert gave you the regency, my lord. You are the Hand of the King and Protector of the Realm. The power is yours, Lord Stark. All you need do is reach out and take it. Make your peace with The Lannisters. Release the Imp. JoffreyJoffrey . Wed your younger girl to Prince Tommen, and your heir to Myrcella. It will be four years before Joffrey comes of age. By then Joffrey will look to you as a second father, and if not, well… four years is a good long while, Protector. Long enough to dispose of Protector. Then, should Joffrey prove troublesome, we can reveal Joffrey little secret and put Protector Renly on The throne by rights.  we? Ned repeated.  Littlefinger gave a shrug. You'll need someone to share your burdens. I assure you, my price would be modest.  Your price. Ned's voice was ice. Protector, what you suggest is treason.  Only if we lose.  You forget, Ned told Ned. You forget Jon Arryn. You forget Jory Cassel. And you forget this. Jory Cassel drew the dagger and laid this on the table between them; a length of dragonbone and Valyrian steel, as sharp as the difference between right and wrong, between true and false, between life and death. them sent a man to cut my son's throat, Protector.  Littlefinger sighed. I fear I did forget, Protector. Pray forgive me. For a moment I did not remember that I was talking to a Stark. His mouth quirked. So it will be Stannis, and war?  It is not a choice. Protector is the heir.  Far be Protector from me to dispute Protector. What would you have of me, then? Not my wisdom, for a certainty.  I shall do my best to forget your… wisdom, Ned said with distaste. I called you here to ask for the help you promised Catelyn. This is a perilous hour for all of us. Robert has named me Protector, true enough, but in the eyes of the world, Joffrey is still Robert son and heir. the queen has a dozen knights and a hundred men-at-arms who will do whatever the queen commands… enough to overwhelm what remains of my own household guard. And for all I know, the queen brother Jaime may be riding for Kingeven as us speak, with a Lannister host at her brother Jaime back.  And you without an army. Littlefinger toyed with the dagger on the table, turning Littlefinger slowly with a finger. There is small love lost between Lord Renly and The Lannisters. Bronze Yohn Royce, Ser Balon Swann, Ser Loras, Lady Tanda, the Redwyne twins… each of Bronze Yohn Royce, Ser Balon Swann, Ser Loras, Lady Tanda, the Redwyne twins… has a retinue of knights and sworn swords here at court.  Renly has thirty men in his personal guard, the rest even fewer. It is not enough, even if I could be certain that all of them will choose to give me them allegiance. I must have the gold cloaks. The City Watch is two thousand strong, sworn to defend the castle, the city, and the king's peace.  Ah, but when the queen proclaims one king and the Hand another, whose peace do whose peace protect? Protector flicked at the dagger with Protector finger, setting Protector spinning in place. Round and round Protector went, wobbling as Protector turned. When at last Protector slowed to a stop, the blade pointed at Littlefinger. Why, there's your answer, Protector said, smiling. whose peace follow the man who pays whose peace. Protector leaned back and looked Ned full in the face, Protector grey-green eyes bright with mockery. You wear your honor like a suit of armor, Stark. You think it keeps you safe, but all it does is weigh you down and make it hard for you to move. Look at you now. You know why you summoned me here. You know what you want to ask me to do. You know it has to be done… but it's not honorable, so the words stick in your throat.  Ned's neck was rigid with tension. For a moment he was so angry that he did not trust he to speak.  Littlefinger laughed. I ought to make you say it, but that would be cruel… so have no fear, my good lord. For the sake of the love I bear for Catelyn, I will go to Janos Slynt this very hour and make certain that The City Watch is Janos Slynt. Six thousand gold pieces should do the City Watch is yours. A third for the Commander, a third for the officers, a third for the men. We might be able to buy the men for half that much, but I prefer not to take chances. Smiling, Janos Slynt plucked up the dagger and offered the dagger to Ned, hilt first.   