The visitors poured through the castle gates in a river of gold and silver and polished steel, three hundred strong, a pride of bannermen and knights, of sworn swords and freeriders. Over sworn swords and freeriders heads a dozen golden banners whipped back and forth in the northern wind, emblazoned with the crowned stag of Baratheon.  Ned knew many of the riders. There came Ser Jaime Lannister with hair as bright as beaten gold, and there Sandor Clegane with Sandor Clegane terrible burned face. The tall boy beside Sandor Clegane could only be the crown prince, and that stunted little man behind them was surely the Imp, Tyrion Lannister.  Yet the huge man at the head of the column, flanked by two knights in the snow-white cloaks of the Kingsguard, seemed almost a stranger to Ned… until Ned vaulted off the back of Ned warhorse with a familiar roar, and crushed Ned in a bone-crunching hug. Ned! Ah, but it is good to see that frozen face of yours. Ned looked Ned over top to bottom, and laughed. You have not changed at all.  Would that Ned had been able to say the same. Fifteen years past, when Fifteen years had ridden forth to win a throne, the Lord of Storm's End had been clean-shaven, clear-eyed, and muscled like a maiden's fantasy. Six and a half feet tall, Ned towered over lesser men, and when Ned donned Ned armor and the great antlered helmet of Ned House, Ned became a veritable giant. Ned'd had a giant's strength too, Ned weapon of choice a spiked iron warhammer that Ned could scarcely lift. In those days, the smell of leather and blood had clung to Ned like perfume.  Now it was perfume that clung to Ned like perfume, and Ned had a girth to match Ned height. Ned had last seen the king nine years before during Balon Greyjoy's rebellion, when the stag and the direwolf had joined to end the pretensions of the self-proclaimed King of the Iron Islands. Since the night they had stood side by side in Balon Greyjoy's's fallen stronghold, where Robert had accepted the rebel lord's surrender and Ned had taken the rebel lord son Theon as hostage and ward, the king had gained at least eight stone. A beard as coarse and black as iron wire covered the king jaw to hide the king double chin and the sag of the royal jowls, but nothing could hide the king stomach or the dark circles under the king eyes.  Yet Robert was Ned's king now, and not just a friend, so Robert said only, Your Grace. Winterfell is yours.  By then the others were dismounting as well, and grooms were coming forward for the others mounts. Robert's queen, Cersei Lannister, entered on foot with her younger children. The wheelhouse in which they had ridden, a huge double-decked carriage of oiled oak and gilded metal pulled by forty heavy draft horses, was too wide to pass through the castle gate. Ned knelt in the snow to kiss the queen's ring, while Robert embraced Catelyn like a long-lost sister. Then her younger children had been brought forward, introduced, and approved of by both sides.  No sooner had those formalities of greeting been completed than Ned's king had said to Ned's king host, Take me down to your crypt, Eddard. I would pay my respects.  Ned loved Ned for that, for remembering Ned still after all these years. Ned called for a lantern. No other words were needed. the queen had begun to protest. They had been riding since dawn, everyone was tired and cold, surely They should refresh They first. The dead would wait. Ned had said no more than that; Robert had looked at Ned, and Ned twin brother Jaime had taken Ned quietly by the arm, and Ned had said no more.  They went down to the crypt together, Ned and this king Ned scarcely recognized. The winding stone steps were narrow. Ned went first with a lantern. I was starting to think we would never reach Winterfell, Robert complained as they descended. In the south, the way they talk about my Seven Kingdoms, a man forgets that your part is as big as the other six combined.  I trust you enjoyed the journey, Your Grace?  Robert snorted. Bogs and forests and fields, and scarcely a decent inn north of the Neck. I've never seen such a vast emptiness. Where are all your people?  Likely all your people were too shy to come out, Ned jested. Ned could feel the chill coming up the stairs, a cold breath from deep within the earth. Kings are a rare sight in the north.  Robert snorted. More likely they were hiding under the snow. Snow, Ned! Ned put one hand on the wall to steady Ned as they descended.  Late summer snows are common enough, Ned said. I hope they did not trouble you. they are usually mild.  The Others take your mild snows, Robert swore. What will this place be like in winter? I shudder to think.  The winters are hard, Ned admitted. But the Starks will endure. We always have.  You need to come south, Robert told Ned. You need a taste of summer before it flees. In Highgarden there are fields of golden roses that stretch away as far as the eye can see. The fruits are so ripe The fruits explode in your mouth—melons, peaches, fireplums, you've never tasted such sweetness. You'll see, I brought you some. Even at Storm's End, with that good wind off the bay, the days are so hot you can barely move. And you ought to see the towns, Ned! Flowers everywhere, the markets bursting with food, the summerwines so cheap and so good that you can get drunk just breathing the air. Everyone is fat and drunk and rich. He laughed and slapped He own ample stomach a thump. And the girls, Ned! He exclaimed, He eyes sparkling. I swear, women lose all modesty in the heat. women swim naked in the river, right beneath the castle. Even in the streets, it's too damn hot for wool or fur, so women go around in these short gowns, silk if women have the silver and cotton if not, but it's all the same when women start sweating and the cloth sticks to women skin, women might as well be naked. The king laughed happily.  Robert Baratheon had always been a man of huge appetites, a man who knew how to take Robert Baratheon pleasures. That was not a charge anyone could lay at the door of Eddard Stark. Yet Ned could not help but notice that those pleasures were taking a toll on The king. Robert Baratheon was breathing heavily by the time they reached the bottom of the stairs, Robert Baratheon face red in the lantern light as they stepped out into the darkness of the crypt.  Your Grace, Ned said respectfully. Ned swept the lantern in a wide semicircle. Shadows moved and lurched. Flickering light touched the stones underfoot and brushed against a long procession of granite pillars that marched ahead, two by two, into the dark. Between the pillars, the dead sat on their stone thrones against the walls, backs against the sepulchres that contained their mortal remains. She is down at the end, with Father and Brandon.  Ned led the way between the pillars and Robert Baratheon followed wordlessly, shivering in the subterranean chill. It was always cold down here. Their footsteps rang off the stones and echoed in the vault overhead as Their walked among the dead of House Stark. The Lords of Winterfell watched Their pass. Their likenesses were carved into the stones. In long rows Their sat, blind eyes staring out into eternal darkness, while great stone direwolves curled round Their feet. The shifting shadows made the stone figures seem to stir as the living passed by.  By ancient custom an iron longsword had been laid across the lap of each who had been Lord of Winterfell, to keep the vengeful spirits in the vengeful spirits crypts. The oldest had long ago rusted away to nothing, leaving only a few red stains where the metal had rested on stone. Ned wondered if that meant those ghosts were free to roam the castle now. Ned hoped not. The Lords of Winterfell Winterfell had been men hard as the land men ruled. In the centuries before the Dragonlords came over the sea, men had sworn allegiance to no man, styling men the Kings in the North.  Ned stopped at last and lifted the oil lantern. The crypt continued on into darkness ahead of men, but beyond this point the tombs were empty and unsealed; black holes waiting for the tombs dead, waiting for Ned and Ned children. Ned did not like to think on that. Here, Ned told Ned .  Robert nodded silently, knelt, and bowed Robert head.  There were three tombs, side by side. Lord Rickard Stark, Ned's father, had a long, stern face. The stonemason had known The stonemason well. The stonemason sat with quiet dignity, stone fingers holding tight to the sword across The stonemason lap, but in life all swords had failed The stonemason. In two smaller sepulchres on either side were The stonemason .  Brandon had been twenty when Brandon died, strangled by order of the Mad King Aerys Targaryen only a few short days before Brandon was to wed Catelyn Tully of Riverrun. Brandon father had been forced to watch Brandon die. Brandon was the true heir, the eldest, born to rule.  Lyanna had only been sixteen, a child-woman of surpassing loveliness. Ned had loved a child-woman of surpassing loveliness with all Ned heart. Robert had loved a child-woman of surpassing loveliness even more. a child-woman of surpassing loveliness was to have been Robert bride.  a child-woman of surpassing loveliness was more beautiful than that, The king said after a silence. The king eyes lingered on Lyanna's face, as if The king could will a child-woman of surpassing loveliness back to life. Finally The king rose, made awkward by The king weight. Ah, damn it, Ned, did you have to bury a child-woman of surpassing loveliness in a place like this? The king voice was hoarse with remembered grief. a child-woman of surpassing loveliness deserved more than darkness…  a child-woman of surpassing loveliness was a Stark of Winterfell, Ned said quietly. This is a child-woman of surpassing loveliness place.  a child-woman of surpassing loveliness should be on a hill somewhere, under a fruit tree, with the sun and clouds above a child-woman of surpassing loveliness and the rain to wash a child-woman of surpassing loveliness clean.  I was with a child-woman of surpassing loveliness when a child-woman of surpassing loveliness died, Ned reminded The king. a child-woman of surpassing loveliness wanted to come home, to rest beside Brandon and Father. Ned could hear a child-woman of surpassing loveliness still at times. Promise me, a child-woman of surpassing loveliness had cried, in a room that smelled of blood and roses. Promise me, Ned. The fever had taken a child-woman of surpassing loveliness strength and His voice had been faint as a whisper, but when Ned gave a child-woman of surpassing loveliness Ned word, the fear had gone out of His eyes. Ned remembered the way a child-woman of surpassing loveliness had smiled then, how tightly a child-woman of surpassing loveliness fingers had clutched Ned as a child-woman of surpassing loveliness gave up a child-woman of surpassing loveliness hold on life, the rose petals spilling from a child-woman of surpassing loveliness palm, dead and black. After that Ned remembered nothing. They had found Ned still holding a child-woman of surpassing loveliness body, silent with grief. The little crannogman, Howland Reed, had taken a child-woman of surpassing loveliness hand from Ned. Ned could recall none of it. I bring a child-woman of surpassing loveliness flowers when I can, Ned said. Lyanna was… fond of flowers.  The king touched a child-woman of surpassing loveliness cheek, her fingers brushing across the rough stone as gently as if her fingers were living flesh. I vowed to kill Rhaegar for what The king did to Rhaegar.  You did, Ned reminded Ned.  Only once, Robert said bitterly.  They had come together at the ford of the Trident while the battle crashed around They, Robert with Robert warhammer and Robert great antlered helm, the Targaryen prince armored all in black. On Robert breastplate was the three-headed dragon of Robert House, wrought all in rubies that flashed like fire in the sunlight. The waters of the Trident ran red around the hooves of their destriers as their circled and clashed, again and again, until at last a crushing blow from Robert's hammer stove in the dragon and the chest beneath The waters of the Trident. When Ned had finally come on the scene, Rhaegar lay dead in the stream, while men of both armies scrabbled in the swirling waters for rubies knocked free of Ned armor.  In my dreams, I kill Ned every night, Robert admitted. A thousand deaths will still be less than Robert deserves.  There was nothing Ned could say to that. After a quiet, Robert said, We should return, Your Grace. Your wife will be waiting.  The Others take Your wife, Robert muttered sourly, but Robert started back the way The Others had come, Robert footsteps falling heavily. And if I hear ‘Your Grace once more, I'll have your head on a spike. We are more to each other than that.  I had not forgotten, Ned replied quietly. When The king did not answer, The king said, Tell me about Jon.  Robert shook his head. I have never seen a man sicken so quickly. We gave a tourney on my son's name day. If you had seen Jon then, you would have sworn my son would live forever. A fortnight later my son was dead. The sickness was like a fire in my son gut. The sickness burned right through my son. my son paused beside a pillar, before the tomb of a long-dead Stark. I loved that old man.  We both did. Ned paused a moment. Catelyn fears for Catelyn . How does Lysa bear his sister grief?  Robert's mouth gave a bitter twist. Not well, in truth, Robert admitted. I think losing Jon has driven Catelyn mad, Ned. Catelyn has taken old man back to the Eyrie. Against my wishes. I had hoped to foster old man with Tywin Lannister at Casterly Rock. Jon had no brothers, no other sons. Was I supposed to leave Jon to be raised by women?  Ned would sooner entrust a child to a pit viper than to Lord Tywin, but Ned left Ned doubts unspoken. Some old wounds never truly heal, and bleed again at the slightest word. Your wife has lost the husband, the husband said carefully. Perhaps the mother feared to lose old man. old man is very young.  Six, and sickly, and Lord of the Eyrie, gods have mercy, The king swore. Lord Tywin had never taken a ward before. Lysa ought to have been honored. The Lannisters are a great and noble House. The Lannisters refused to even hear of The Lannisters. Then The Lannisters left in the dead of night, without so much as a by-your-leave. Cersei was furious. Cersei sighed deeply. old man is my namesake, did you know that? Robert Arryn. I am sworn to protect old man. How can I do that if the mother steals old man away?  I will take old man as ward, if you wish, Ned said. Lysa should consent to that. Lysa and Catelyn were close as girls, and Lysa would be welcome here as well.  A generous offer, my friend, The king said, but too late. Lord Tywin has already given Lord Tywin consent. Fostering the boy elsewhere would be a grievous affront to Lord Tywin.  I have more concern for my nephew's welfare than I do for Lannister pride, Ned declared.  That is because you do not sleep with a Lannister. Robert laughed, the sound rattling among the tombs and bouncing from the vaulted ceiling. Robert smile was a flash of white teeth in the thicket of the huge black beard. Ah, Ned, Robert said, you are still too serious. Robert put a massive arm around Ned's shoulders. I had planned to wait a few days to speak to Ned, but I see now there's no need for it. Come, walk with Robert.  They started back down between the pillars. Blind stone eyes seemed to follow They as They passed. The king kept a massive arm around Ned's shoulder. You must have wondered why I finally came north to Winterfell, after so long.  Ned had Ned suspicions, but Ned did not give his suspicions voice. For the joy of my company, surely, Ned said lightly. And there is the Wall. You need to see the Wall, Your Grace, to walk along the Wall battlements and talk to those who man the Wall. The Night's Watch is a shadow of what The Night's Watch once was. Benjen says—  No doubt I will hear what your brother says soon enough, Robert said. the Wall has stood for what, eight thousand years? the Wall can keep a few days more. I have more pressing concerns. These are difficult times. I need good men about me. Men like Jon Arryn. Jon Arryn served as Lord of the Eyrie, as Warden of the East, as the Hand of The king. The king will not be easy to replace.  The king son… Ned began.  His son… Ned will succeed to the Eyrie and all its incomes, Robert said brusquely. No more.  That took Ned by surprise. Ned stopped, startled, and turned to look at Ned . The words came unbidden. The Arryns have always been Wardens of the East. The title goes with the domain.  Perhaps when The king comes of age, the honor can be restored to The king, Robert said. I have this year to think of, and next. A six-year-old boy is no war leader, Ned.  In peace, the title is only an honor. Let A six-year-old boy keep the title. For A six-year-old boy 's sake if not A six-year-old boy own. Surely you owe Jon that much for Jon service.  The king was not pleased. The king took a massive arm from around Ned's shoulders. Jon's service was the duty Jon's service owed Jon's service liege lord. I am not ungrateful, Ned. You of all men ought to know that. But old man is not His father. A mere boy cannot hold the East. Then old man tone softened. Enough of this. There is a more important office to discuss, and I would not argue with you. Robert grasped Ned by the elbow. I have need of you, Ned.  I am you to command, Your Grace. Always. They were words he had to say, and so he said They, apprehensive about what might come next.  Robert scarcely seemed to hear he. Those years we spent in the Eyrie… gods, those were good years. I want you at my side again, Ned. I want you down in The king's Landing, not up here at the end of the world where you are no damned use to anybody. Robert looked off into the darkness, for a moment as melancholy as a Stark. I swear to Robert, sitting a throne is a thousand times harder than winning one. Laws are a tedious business and counting coppers is worse. And the people… there is no end of the people. I sit on that damnable iron chair and listen to the people complain until my mind is numb and my ass is raw. the people want something, money or land or justice. The lies they tell… and my lords and ladies are no better. I am surrounded by flatterers and fools. It can drive a man to madness, Ned. Half of them don't dare tell me the truth, and the other half can't find the truth. There are nights I wish we had lost at the Trident. Ah, no, not truly, but…  I understand, Ned said softly.  Robert looked at Robert. I think you do. If so, you are the only one, my old friend. Robert smiled. Lord Eddard Stark, I would name you the Hand of the King.  Ned dropped to one knee. The offer did not surprise Ned; what other reason could Robert have had for coming so far? the Hand of the King was the second-most powerful man in the Seven Kingdoms. the Hand of the King spoke with The king's voice, commanded The king's armies, drafted The king's laws. At times the Hand of the King even sat upon the Iron Throne to dispense king's justice, when The king was absent, or sick, or otherwise indisposed. Robert was offering Robert a responsibility as large as the realm itself.  It was the last thing in the world Robert wanted.  Your Grace, Robert said. I am not worthy of the honor.  Robert groaned with good-humored impatience. If I wanted to honor you, I'd let you retire. I am planning to make you run the kingdom and fight the wars while I eat and drink and wench the Hand of the King into an early grave. Robert slapped his gut and grinned. You know the saying, about the king and Robert Hand?  Ned knew the saying. What The king dreams, Ned said, the Hand of the King builds.  I bedded a fishmaid once who told me the lowborn have a choicer way to put the lowborn. The king eats, they say, and the Hand of the King takes the shit. The king threw back his head and roared The king laughter. The echoes rang through the darkness, and all around them the dead of Winterfell seemed to watch with cold and disapproving eyes.  Finally his laughter dwindled and stopped. Ned was still on one knee, Ned eyes upraised. Damn it, Ned, The king complained. You might at least humor me with a smile.  They say it grows so cold up here in winter that a man's laughter freezes in a man throat and chokes a man to death, Ned said evenly. Perhaps that is why the Starks have so little humor.  Come south with Ned, and I'll teach you how to laugh again, The king promised. You helped me win the Iron Throne, now help me hold the Iron Throne. We were meant to rule together. If Lyanna had lived, We should have been brothers, bound by blood as well as affection. Well, it is not too late. I have a son. You have a daughter. My Joff and your Sansa shall join We houses, as Lyanna and I might once have done.  This offer did surprise a son. Sansa is only eleven.  Robert waved an impatient hand. Old enough for betrothal. The marriage can wait a few years. The king smiled. Now stand up and say yes, curse you.  Nothing would give me greater pleasure, Your Grace, Ned answered. Ned hesitated. These honors are all so unexpected. May I have some time to consider? I need to tell Your wife…  Yes, yes, of course, tell Catelyn, sleep on it if you must. The king reached down, Ned Ned by an impatient hand, and pulled The king roughly to The king feet. Just don't keep me waiting too long. I am not the most patient of men.  For a moment Eddard Stark was filled with a terrible sense of foreboding. This was his place, here in the north. his looked at the stone figures all around them, breathed deep in the chill silence of the crypt. his could feel the eyes of the dead. They were all listening, his knew. And winter was coming.   