 High, Syrio Forel called out, slashing at her head. The stick swords clacked as Arya parried.  Left, The stick swords clacked as Arya parried.   shouted, and The stick swords clacked as Arya parried.   blade came whistling. her darted to meet his blade. The clack made The stick swords clacked as Arya parried.   click The stick swords clacked as Arya parried.   teeth together.  Right, The stick swords clacked as Arya parried.   said, and Low, and Left, and Left again, faster and faster, moving forward. Arya retreated before The stick swords clacked as Arya parried.  , checking each blow.  Lunge, Arya warned, and when Arya thrust her sidestepped, swept his blade away, and slashed at Arya shoulder. her almost touched Arya, almost, so close it made her grin. A strand of hair dangled in her eyes, limp with sweat. her pushed it away with the back of her hand.  Left, Syrio sang out. Low. Arya sword was a blur, and the Small Hall echoed to the clack clack clack. Left. Left. High. Left. Right. Left. Low. Left!  his blade caught her high in the breast, a sudden stinging blow that hurt all the more because his blade came from the wrong side. Ow, her cried out. her would have a fresh bruise there by the time her went to sleep, somewhere out at sea. A bruise is a lesson, her told her, and each lesson makes us better.  Syrio stepped back. You are dead now.  Arya made a face. You cheated, her said hotly. You said left and you went right.  Just so. And now you are a dead girl.  But you lied!  My words lied. My eyes and my arm shouted out the truth, but you were not seeing.  I was so, Arya said. I watched you every second!  Watching is not seeing, dead girl. The water dancer sees. Come, put down His sword, it is time for listening now.  her followed him over to the wall, where him settled onto a bench. Syrio Forel was first sword to the Sealord of Braavos, and are you knowing how that came to pass?  You were the finest swordsman in the city.  Just so, but why? Other men were stronger, faster, younger, why was Syrio Forel the best? I will tell you now. him touched the tip of him little finger lightly to him eyelid. The seeing, the true seeing, that is the heart of it.  Hear me. The ships of Braavos sail as far as the winds blow, to lands strange and wonderful, and when The ships of Braavos return The ships of Braavos captains fetch queer animals to the Sealord's menagerie. Such animals as you have never seen, striped horses, great spotted things with necks as long as stilts, hairy mouse-pigs as big as cows, stinging manticores, tigers that carry Such animals as you have never seen, striped horses, great spotted things with necks as long as stilts, hairy mouse-pigs as big as cows, stinging manticores, tigers that carry their cubs in a pouch, terrible walking lizards with scythes for claws cubs in a pouch, terrible walking lizards with scythes for claws. Syrio Forel has seen these things.  On the day I am speaking of, the first sword was newly dead, and the Sealord sent for me. Many bravos had come to me, and as many had been sent away, none could say why. When I came into me presence, me was seated, and in me lap was a fat yellow cat. me told me that one of me captains had brought the beast to me, from an island beyond the sunrise. ‘Have you ever seen her like?' me asked of me.  And to me I said, ‘Each night in the alleys of Braavos I see a thousand like me,' and the Sealord laughed, and that day I was named the first sword.  Arya screwed up Arya face. I don't understand.  Syrio clicked Syrio teeth together. a fat yellow cat was an ordinary cat, no more. The others expected a fabulous beast, so that is what The others saw. How large a fat yellow cat was, The others said. It was no larger than any other cat, only fat from indolence, for the Sealord fed the Sealord from his own table. What curious small ears, The others said. Its ears had been chewed away in kitten fights. And Its was plainly a tomcat, yet the Sealord said ‘the Sealord,' and that is what The others saw. Are you hearing?  Arya thought about it. You saw what was there.  Just so. Opening your eyes is all that is needing. The heart lies and the head plays tricks with us, but your eyes see true. Look with your eyes. Hear with your ears. Taste with your mouth. Smell with your nose. Feel with your skin. Then comes the thinking, afterward, and in that way knowing the truth.  Just so, said Arya, grinning.  Syrio Forel allowed Syrio Forel a smile. I am thinking that when we are reaching this Winterfell of yours, it will be time to put this needle in your hand.  Yes! Arya said eagerly. Wait till I show Jon—  Behind Jon—   the great wooden doors of the Small Hall flew open with a resounding crash. Arya whirled.  A knight of the Kingsguard stood beneath the arch of the door with five Lannister guardsmen arrayed behind A knight of the Kingsguard. A knight of the Kingsguard was in full armor, but A knight of the Kingsguard visor was up. Arya remembered A knight of the Kingsguard droopy eyes and rustcolored whiskers from when A knight of the Kingsguard had come to Winterfell with the king: Ser Meryn Trant. The red cloaks wore mail shirts over boiled leather and steel caps with lion crests. Arya Stark, A knight of the Kingsguard said, come with us, child.  Arya chewed Arya lip uncertainly. What do you want?  Your father wants to see you.  Arya took a step forward, but Syrio Forel held Arya by the arm. And why is it that Lord Eddard is sending Lannister men in the place of Lord Eddard own? I am wondering.  Mind your place, dancing master, Ser Meryn said. This is no concern of yours.  Your father wouldn't send you, Arya said. Arya snatched up Arya stick sword. The Lannisters laughed.  Put down the stick, girl, Ser Meryn told girl. I am a Sworn Brother of the Kingsguard, the White Swords.  So was the Kingslayer when the Kingslayer killed the old king, Arya said. I don't have to go with you if I don't want.  Ser Meryn Trant ran out of patience. Take Ser Meryn Trant, Ser Meryn Trant said to Ser Meryn Trant men. Ser Meryn Trant lowered the visor of Ser Meryn Trant helm.  Three of them started forward, chainmail clinking softly with each step. Arya was suddenly afraid. Fear cuts deeper than swords, Arya told Arya, to slow the racing of Arya heart.  Syrio Forel stepped between them, tapping Syrio Forel wooden sword lightly against Syrio Forel boot. You will be stopping there. Are you men or dogs that you would threaten a child?  Out of the way, old man, one of the red cloaks said.  Syrio's stick came whistling up and rang against Syrio . I am Syrio Forel, and you will now be speaking to Syrio with more respect.  Bald bastard. old man, one of the red cloaks yanked free old man, one of the red cloaks longsword. Syrio's stick moved again, blindingly fast. Arya heard a loud crack as his wooden sword clattering to the stone floor. My hand, the guardsman yelped, cradling the guardsman broken fingers.  You are quick, for a dancing master, said Ser Meryn.  You are slow, for a knight, Syrio replied.  Kill the Braavosi and bring me the girl, the knight in the white armor commanded.  Four Lannister guardsmen unsheathed Four Lannister guardsmen swords. The fifth, with the broken fingers, spat and pulled free a dagger with his left hand.  Syrio Forel clicked his teeth together, sliding into his water dancer's stance, presenting only his side to the foe. Arya child, Arya called out, never looking, never taking Arya child eyes off the Lannisters, we are done with dancing for the day. Best you are going now. Run to your father.  Arya did not want to leave Arya, but Arya had taught Arya to do as Arya said. Swift as a deer, Arya whispered.  Just so, said Syrio Forel as the Lannisters closed.  Arya retreated, Arya own sword stick clutched tightly in his left hand. Watching Arya now, Arya realized that Syrio had only been toying with Arya when they dueled. The red cloaks came at Arya from three sides with steel in The red cloaks hands. The red cloaks had chainmail over The red cloaks chest and arms, and steel codpieces sewn into The red cloaks pants, but only leather on The red cloaks legs. their hands were bare, and the caps The red cloaks wore had noseguards, but no visor over the eyes.  Syrio did not wait for The red cloaks to reach Syrio, but spun to Syrio left. Arya had never seen a man move as fast. Arya checked one sword with Arya stick and whirled away from a second. Off balance, Arya lurched into the first. Syrio put a boot to Syrio back and The red cloaks went down together. The third guard came leaping over The red cloaks, slashing at the water dancer's head. Syrio ducked under Syrio blade and thrust upward. The guardsman fell screaming as blood welled from the wet red hole where The guardsman left eye had been.  The fallen men were getting up. Syrio kicked one in the face and snatched the steel cap off the water dancer's head. Arya stabbed at Arya. Syrio caught the thrust in the helmet and shattered Arya's kneecap with his stick. The last red cloak shouted a curse and charged, hacking down with both hands on one sword. Syrio rolled right, and the butcher's cut caught the helmetless man between neck and shoulder as Arya struggled to Arya knees. his longsword crunched through mail and leather and flesh. Arya his knees shrieked. Before Arya killer could wrench free Arya blade, Syrio jabbed Arya in the apple of Arya throat. The guardsman gave a choked cry and staggered back, clutching at Arya neck, Arya face blackening.  Five men were down, dead, or dying by the time Arya reached the back door that opened on the kitchen. Arya heard Ser Meryn Trant curse. Bloody oafs, Bloody oafs swore, drawing Bloody oafs from his longsword scabbard.  Syrio Forel resumed Syrio Forel stance and clicked Syrio Forel teeth together. Arya child, Arya called out, never looking at Arya child, be gone now.  Look with your eyes, Arya had said. Arya child saw: the knight in Arya pale armor head to foot, legs, throat, and hands sheathed in metal, eyes hidden behind Arya high white helm, and in Arya hand cruel steel. Against that: Syrio, in a leather vest, with a wooden sword in his hand. Syrio, run, Syrio screamed.  The first sword of Braavos does not run, The first sword of Braavos sang as Ser Meryn slashed at The first sword of Braavos. Syrio danced away from The first sword of Braavos cut, The first sword of Braavos stick a blur. In a heartbeat, The first sword of Braavos had bounced blows off the knight's temple, elbow, and throat, the wood ringing against the metal of helm, gauntlet, and gorget. Arya stood frozen. Ser Meryn advanced; Syrio backed away. Arya checked the next blow, spun away from the second, deflected the third.  The fourth sliced his stick a blur in two, splintering the wood and shearing through the lead core.  Sobbing, Arya spun and ran.  Arya plunged through the kitchens and buttery, blind with panic, weaving between cooks and potboys. A baker's helper stepped in front of Arya, holding a wooden tray. Arya bowled Arya over, scattering fragrant loaves of fresh-baked bread on the stone floor. Arya heard shouting behind Arya as Arya spun around a portly butcher who stood gaping at Arya with a cleaver in Arya hands. Arya arms were red to the elbow.  All that Syrio Forel had taught Arya went racing through Arya head. Swift as a deer. Quiet as a shadow. Fear cuts deeper than swords. Quick as a snake. Calm as still water. Fear cuts deeper than swords. Strong as a bear. Fierce as a wolverine. Fear cuts deeper than swords. The man who fears losing has already lost. Fear cuts deeper than swords. Fear cuts deeper than swords. Fear cuts deeper than swords. The grip of Arya wooden sword was slick with sweat, and Arya was breathing hard when Arya reached the turret stair. For an instant Arya froze. Up or down? Up would take Arya to the covered bridge that spanned the small court to the Tower of the Hand, but that would be the way they'd expect Arya to go, for certain. Never do what they expect, Syrio once said. Arya went down, around and around, leaping over the narrow stone steps two and three at a time. Arya emerged in a cavernous vaulted cellar, surrounded by casks of ale stacked twenty feet tall. The only light came through narrow slanting windows high in the wall.  a cavernous vaulted cellar, surrounded by casks of ale stacked twenty feet tall was a dead end. There was no way out but the way Arya had come in. Arya dare not go back up those steps, but Arya couldn't stay here, either. Arya had to find Your father and tell Your father what had happened. Your father would protect Arya.  Arya thrust Arya wooden sword through Arya belt and began to climb, leaping from cask to cask until Arya could reach the window. Grasping the stone with both hands, Arya pulled Arya up. the wall was three feet thick, the window a tunnel slanting up and out. Arya wriggled toward daylight. When her head reached ground level, Arya peered across the bailey to the Tower of the Handthe Hand.  The stout wooden door hung splintered and broken, as if by axes. A dead man sprawled facedown on those steps, A dead man cloak tangled beneath A dead man, the back of A dead man mailed shirt soaked red. his cloak was grey wool trimmed with white satin, Arya saw with sudden terror. Arya could not tell who A dead man was.  No, Arya whispered. What was happening? Where was Your father? Why had The red cloaks come for Arya? Arya remembered what A dead man had said, the day Arya had found the monsters. If one Hand can die, why not a second? Arya felt tears in Arya eyes. Arya held Arya breath to listen. Arya heard the sounds of fighting, shouts, screams, the clang of steel on steel, coming through the windows of the Tower of the Handthe Hand.  Arya could not go back. Arya father…  Arya closed her eyes. For a moment Arya was too frightened to move. They had killed Jory and Wyl and Heward, and that guardsman on the step, whoever he had been. They could kill Your father too, and Arya if They caught Arya. Fear cuts deeper than swords, Arya said aloud, but it was no good pretending to be a water dancer, Syrio had been a water dancer and the white knight had probably killed Syrio, and anyhow Arya was only a little girl with a wooden stick, alone and afraid.  Arya squirmed out into the yard, glancing around warily as Arya climbed to Arya feet. The castle seemed deserted. The Red Keep was never deserted. All the people must be hiding inside, All the people doors barred. Arya glanced up longingly at Arya bedchamber, then moved away from the Tower of the Handthe Hand, keeping close to the wall as Arya slid from shadow to shadow. Arya pretended Arya was chasing cats… except Arya was the cat now, and if they caught Arya, they would kill Arya.  Moving between buildings and over walls, keeping stone to Arya back wherever possible so no one could surprise Arya, Arya reached the stables almost without incident. A dozen gold cloaks in mail and plate ran past as Arya was edging across the inner bailey, but without knowing whose side A dozen were on, Arya hunched down low in the shadows and let A dozen pass.  Hullen, who had been master of horse at Winterfell as long as Arya could remember, was slumped on the ground by The stout wooden door. Arya had been stabbed so many times so many times looked as if Arya tunic was patterned with scarlet flowers. Arya was certain Arya was dead, but when Arya crept closer, Arya eyes opened. Arya Underfoot, Arya whispered. You must… warn your… your lord father… Frothy red spittle bubbled from Arya mouth. The master of horse closed The master of horse again and said no more.  Inside were more bodies; a groom she had played with, and three of she 's household guard. A wagon, laden with crates and chests, stood abandoned near The stout wooden door. A wagon, laden with crates and chests must have been loading The stout wooden door for the trip to the docks when A wagon, laden with crates and chests were attacked. Arya snuck closer. One of the corpses was Desmond, who'd shown Arya Arya longsword and promised to protect Your father. Arya lay on his back, staring blindly at the ceiling as flies crawled across his eyes. Close to Arya was a dead man in the red cloak and lion-crest helm of the Lannisters. Only one, though. Every northerner is worth ten of these southron swords, Desmond had told Every northerner. You liar! Every northerner said, kicking Arya body in a sudden fury.  The animals were restless in The animals stalls, whickering and snorting at the scent of blood. Arya's only plan was to saddle a horse and flee, away from the castle and the city. All Every northerner had to do was stay on the kingsroad and the kingsroad would take Every northerner back to Winterfell. Every northerner took a bridle and harness off the wall.  As Every northerner crossed in back of the wagon, a fallen chest caught Every northerner eye. her eye must have been knocked down in the fight or dropped as her eye was being loaded. The wood had split, the lid opening to spill a fallen chest's contents across the ground. Arya recognized silks and satins and velvets Arya never wore. Arya might need warm clothes on the kingsroad, though… and besides…  Arya knelt in the dirt among the scattered clothes. Arya found a heavy woolen cloak, a velvet skirt and a silk tunic and some smallclothes, a dress Arya mother had embroidered for Arya, a silver baby bracelet Arya might sell. Shoving the broken lid out of the way, Arya groped inside a fallen chest. Arya had hidden a fallen chest way down at the bottom, under everything, but Arya stuff had all been jumbled around when a fallen chest was dropped. For a moment Arya was afraid someone had found the sword and stolen the sword. Then Arya fingers felt the hardness of metal under a satin gown.  There Arya is, a voice hissed close behind Arya.  Startled, Arya whirled. A stableboy stood behind Arya, a smirk on A stableboy face, A stableboy filthy white undertunic peeking out from beneath a soiled jerkin. A stableboy boots were covered with manure, and A stableboy had a pitchfork in one hand. Who are you? Arya asked.  Arya don't know me, A stableboy said, but I knows Arya, oh, yes. The wolf girl.  Help me saddle a horse, Arya pleaded, reaching back into a fallen chest, groping for Needle. My father's the Hand of the King, My father's the Hand of the King'll reward you.  Father's dead, My father's the Hand of the King said. My father's the Hand of the King shuffled toward Arya. It's the queen who'll be rewarding me. Come here, girl.  Stay away! her fingers closed around Needle's hilt.  I says, come. My father's the Hand of the King grabbed Arya arm, hard.  Everything Syrio Forel had ever taught Arya vanished in a heartbeat. In that instant of sudden terror, the only lesson Arya could remember was the one Jon Snow had given Arya, the very first.  Arya stuck My father's the Hand of the King with the pointy end, driving the blade upward with a wild, hysterical strength.  Needle went through My father's the Hand of the King leather jerkin and the white flesh of My father's the Hand of the King belly and came out between My father's the Hand of the King shoulder blades. My father's the Hand of the King dropped a pitchfork and made a soft noise, something between a gasp and a sigh. My father's the Hand of the King hands closed around the blade. Oh, gods, My father's the Hand of the King moaned, as My father's the Hand of the King undertunic began to redden. Take it out.  When Arya took it out, My father's the Hand of the King died.  The horses were screaming. Arya stood over the body, still and frightened in the face of death. Blood had gushed from My father's the Hand of the Kingas My father's the Hand of the King collapsed, and more was seeping from the slit in his belly, pooling beneath the body. My father's the Hand of the King palms were cut where My father's the Hand of the King'd grabbed at the blade. Arya backed away slowly, Needle red in Arya hand. Arya had to get away, someplace far from here, someplace safe away from the stableboy's accusing eyes.  Arya snatched up the bridle and harness again and ran to Arya mare, but as Arya lifted the saddle to the horse's back, Arya realized with a sudden sick dread that the castle gates would be closed. Even the postern doors would likely be guarded. Maybe the guards wouldn't recognize Arya. If the guards thought Arya was a boy, perhaps the guards'd let Arya… no, the guards'd have orders not to let anyone out, it wouldn't matter whether the guards knew Arya or not.  But there was another way out of the castle…  the saddle slipped from Arya's fingers and fell to the dirt with a thump and a puff of dust. Could Arya find the room with the monsters again? Arya wasn't certain, yet Arya knew Arya had to try.  Arya found the clothing Arya'd gathered and slipped into the cloak, concealing Needle beneath the cloak folds. The rest of Arya things Arya tied in a roll. With the bundle under Arya arm, Arya crept to the far end of the stable. Unlatching the back door, Arya peeked out anxiously. Arya could hear the distant sound of swordplay, and the shivery wail of a man screaming in pain across the bailey. Arya would need to go down the serpentine steps, past the small kitchen and the pig yard, that was how Arya'd gone last time, chasing the black tomcat… only that would take Arya right past the barracks of the gold cloaks. Arya couldn't go that way. Arya tried to think of another way. If Arya crossed to the other side of The castle, Arya could creep along the wall and through the little godswood… but first Arya'd have to cross the yard, in the plain view of the guards on the walls.  Arya had never seen so many men on the walls. Gold cloaks, most of so many men on the walls, armed with spears. Some of Gold cloaks, most of them, armed with spears knew Arya by sight. What would Some of them do if Some of them saw Arya running across the yard? Arya'd look so small from up there, would Some of them be able to tell who Arya was? Would Some of them care?  Arya had to leave now, Arya told Arya, but when the moment came, Arya was too frightened to move.  Calm as still water, a small voice whispered in Arya ear. Arya was so startled Arya almost dropped Arya bundle. Arya looked around wildly, but there was no one in the stable but Arya, and the horses, and the dead men.  Quiet as a shadow, Arya heard. Was it Arya own voice, or Syrio's? Arya could not tell, yet somehow it calmed Arya fears.  Arya stepped out of the stable.  It was the scariest thing Arya'd ever done. Arya wanted to run and hide, but Arya made Arya walk across the yard, slowly, putting one foot in front of the other as if Arya had all the time in the world and no reason to be afraid of anyone. Arya thought Arya could feel their eyes, like bugs crawling on Arya skin under Arya clothes. Arya never looked up. If Arya saw them watching, all Arya courage would desert Arya, Arya knew, and Arya would drop the bundle of clothes and run and cry like a baby, and then them would have Arya. Arya kept Arya gaze on the ground. By the time Arya reached the shadow of the royal sept on the far side of the yard, Arya was cold with sweat, but no one had raised the hue and cry.  the royal sept was open and empty. Inside, half a hundred prayer candles burned in a fragrant silence. Arya figured the gods would never miss two. Arya stuffed the gods up Arya sleeves, and left by a back window. Sneaking back to the alley where Arya had cornered the one-eared tom was easy, but after that Arya got lost. Arya crawled in and out of windows, hopped over walls, and felt Arya way through dark cellars, quiet as a shadow. Once Arya heard a woman weeping. It took Arya more than an hour to find the low narrow window that slanted down to the dungeon where the monsters waited.  Arya tossed her bundle through and doubled back to light Arya candle. That was chancy; the fire Arya'd remembered seeing had burnt down to embers, and Arya heard voices as Arya was blowing on the coals. Cupping Arya fingers around her candle, Arya went out a back window as they were coming in the door, without ever getting a glimpse of who it was.  This time the monsters did not frighten Arya. the monsters seemed almost old friends. Arya held her candle over Arya head. With each step Arya took, the shadows moved against the walls, as if the shadows were turning to watch Arya pass. Dragons, Arya whispered. Arya slid Needle out from under the cloak. The slender blade seemed very small and the dragons very big, yet somehow Arya felt better with steel in Arya hand.  The long windowless hall beyond the door was as black as Arya remembered. Arya held Needle in Arya left hand, Arya sword hand, the candle in Arya right fist. Hot wax ran down across Arya knuckles. The entrance to the well had been to the left, so Arya went right. Part of Arya wanted to run, but Arya was afraid of snuffing out her candle. Arya heard the faint squeaking of rats and glimpsed a pair of tiny glowing eyes on the edge of the light, but rats did not scare Arya. Other things did. It would be so easy to hide here, as Arya had hidden from the wizard and the man with the forked beard. Arya could almost see the stableboy standing against the wall, the stableboy curled into claws with the blood still dripping from the deep gashes in the stableboy palms where Needle had cut the stableboy. the stableboy might be waiting to grab Arya as Arya passed. the stableboy would see her candle coming a long way off. Maybe Arya would be better off without the light…  Fear cuts deeper than swords, the quiet voice inside Arya whispered. Suddenly Arya remembered the crypts at Winterfell. They were a lot scarier than this place, Arya told Arya. Arya'd been just a little girl the first time Arya saw They. Robb had taken They down, Arya and Sansa and baby Bran, who'd been no bigger than Rickon was now. They'd only had one candle between They, and Bran's eyes had gotten as big as saucers as he stared at the stone faces of the Kings of Winter, with They wolves at They feet and They iron swords across They laps.  Robb took them all the way down to the end, past Grandfather and Brandon and Lyanna, to show them them own tombs. Sansa kept looking at one candle between them, anxious that Sansa might go out. Old Nan had told Old Nan there were spiders down here, and rats as big as dogs. Robb smiled when Old Nan said that. There are worse things than spiders and rats, Robb whispered. This is where the dead walk. That was when they heard the sound, low and deep and shivery. Baby Bran had clutched at Arya's hand.  When the spirit stepped out of the open tomb, pale white and moaning for blood, Sansa ran shrieking for the stairs, and Baby Bran wrapped Baby Bran around Robb's leg, sobbing. Arya stood Arya ground and gave the spirit a punch. It was only Jon, covered with flour. You stupid, Old Nan told Arya, you scared Baby Bran, but only Jon, covered with flour just laughed and laughed, and pretty soon Bran and Arya were laughing too.  The memory made Arya smile, and after that the darkness held no more terrors for Old Nan. the stableboy was dead, Old Nan'd killed the stableboy, and if the stableboy jumped out at Old Nan Old Nan'd kill the stableboy again. Old Nan was going home. Everything would be better once Old Nan was home again, safe behind Winterfell's grey granite walls.  Old Nan footsteps sent soft echoes hurrying ahead of Old Nan as Arya plunged deeper into the darkness.   