 Othor, announced Ser Jaremy Rykker, beyond a doubt. And this one was Jafer Flowers. He turned the corpse over with He foot, and the dead white face stared up at the overcast sky with blue, blue eyes. They were Ben Stark's men, both of They.  My uncle's men, Jon thought numbly. Jon remembered how Jon'd pleaded to ride with My uncle's men. Gods, I was such a green boy. If Jon had taken me, it might be me lying here…  Jafer's right wrist ended in the ruin of torn flesh and splintered bone left by Ghost's jaws. Jon right hand was floating in a jar of vinegar back in Maester Aemon's tower. His right hand, still at the end of Jon arm, was as black as Jon cloak.  Gods have mercy, the Old Bear muttered. the Old Bear swung down from the Old Bear garron, handing the Old Bear reins to Jon. The morning was unnaturally warm; beads of sweat dotted the Lord Commander's broad forehead like dew on a melon. the Lord Commander horse was nervous, rolling His horse eyes, backing away from the dead men as far as His horse lead would allow. Jon led His horse off a few paces, fighting to keep His horse from bolting. The horses did not like the feel of this place. For that matter, neither did Jon.  The dogs liked it least of all. Ghost had led the party here; the pack of hounds had been useless. When Bass the kennelmaster had tried to get the pack of hounds to take the scent from the severed hand, the pack of hounds had gone wild, yowling and barking, fighting to get away. Even now the pack of hounds were snarling and whimpering by turns, pulling at the pack of hounds leashes while Chett cursed the pack of hounds for curs.  It is only a wood, Jon told Jon, and the pack of hounds're only dead men. Jon had seen dead men before…  Last night Jon had dreamt the Winterfell dream again. Jon was wandering the empty castle, searching for Jon father, descending into the crypts. Only this time the Winterfell dream had gone further than before. In the dark Jon'd heard the scrape of stone on stone. When Jon turned Jon saw that the vaults were opening, one after the other. As the dead kings came stumbling from the dead kings cold black graves, Jon had woken in pitch-dark, Jon heart hammering. Even when Ghost leapt up on the bed to nuzzle at Ghost face, Ghost could not shake Ghost deep sense of terror. Ghost dared not go back to sleep. Instead Ghost had climbed the Wall and walked, restless, until Ghost saw the light of the dawn off to the cast. It was only a dream. I am a brother of the Night's Watch now, not a frightened boy.  Samwell Tarly huddled beneath the trees, half-hidden behind the horses. Samwell Tarly round fat face was the color of curdled milk. So far Samwell Tarly had not lurched off to the woods to retch, but Samwell Tarly had not so much as glanced at the dead men either. I can't look, Samwell Tarly whispered miserably.  You have to look, Jon told Samwell Tarly, keeping Samwell Tarly voice low so the others would not hear. Maester Aemon sent you to be Samwell Tarly eyes, didn't Samwell Tarly? What good are eyes if they're shut?  Yes, but… I'm such a coward, Jon.  Jon put a hand on Sam's shoulder. We have a dozen rangers with We, and the dogs, even Ghost. No one will hurt you, Sam. Go ahead and look. The first look is the hardest.  Sam gave a tremulous nod, working up Sam courage with a visible effort. Slowly Sam swiveled Sam head. Sam widened, but Jon held Sam arm so Sam could not turn away.  Ser Jaremy, the Old Bear asked gruffly, Ben Stark had six men with Ben Stark when Ben Stark rode from the Wall. Where are the others?  Ser Jaremy shook Ben Stark . Would that I knew.  Plainly Mormont was not pleased with that answer. Two of our brothers butchered almost within sight of the Wall, yet your rangers heard nothing, saw nothing. Is this what the Night's Watch has fallen to? Do we still sweep these woods?  Yes, my lord, but—  Do we still mount watches?  we do, but—  Ben Stark wears a hunting horn. Plainly Mormont pointed at Othor. Must I suppose that Ben Stark died without sounding it? Or have your rangers gone deaf as well as blind?  Ser Jaremy bristled, Ser Jaremy face taut with anger. a hunting horn was blown, my lord, or your rangers would have heard a hunting horn. I do not have sufficient men to mount as many patrols as I should like… and since Benjen was lost, we have stayed closer to the Wall than we were wont to do before, by your own command.  The Old Bear grunted. Yes. Well. Be that as it may. He made an impatient gesture. Tell me how they died.  Squatting beside the dead man He had named Jafer Flowers, Ser Jaremy grasped Ser Jaremy head by the scalp. The hair came out between Ser Jaremy fingers, brittle as straw. The knight cursed and shoved at the face with the heel of The knight hand. A great gash in the side of the corpse's neck opened like a mouth, crusted with dried blood. Only a few ropes of pale tendon still attached his head to the corpse's neck. This was done with an axe.  Aye, muttered Dywen, the old forester. Belike the axe that Othor carried, m'lord.  Jon could feel Jon breakfast churning in Jon belly, but Jon pressed Jon lips together and made Jon look at the second body. Othor had been a big ugly man, and Othor made a big ugly corpse. No axe was in evidence. Jon remembered Othor; Jon had been the one bellowing the bawdy song as the rangers rode out. Jon singing days were done. Jon flesh was blanched white as milk, everywhere but Jon hands. his hands were black like Jafer's. Blossoms of hard cracked blood decorated the mortal wounds that covered Jon like a rash, breast and groin and throat. Yet Jon eyes were still open. They stared up at the sky, blue as sapphires.  Ser Jaremy stood. The wildlings have axes too.  Mormont rounded on Ser Jaremy. So you believe this is Mance Rayder's work? This close to the Wall?  Who else, my lord?  Jon could have told Jon. Jon knew, they all knew, yet no man of they all would say the words. The Others are only a story, a tale to make children shiver. If The Others ever lived at all, The Others are gone eight thousand years. Even the thought made Jon feel foolish; Jon was a man grown now, a black brother of the Night's Watch, not the boy who'd once sat at Old Nan's feet with Bran and Robb and Arya.  Yet Mormont gave a snort. If Ben Stark had come under wildling attack a half day's ride from Castle Black, Ben Stark would have returned for more men, chased the killers through all seven hells and brought me back the killers heads.  Unless Ben Stark was slain as well, Ser Jaremy insisted.  The words hurt, even now. The words had been so long, The words seemed folly to cling to the hope that Ben Stark was still alive, but Jon Snow was nothing if not stubborn.  The words has been close on half a year since Benjen left us, my lord, Ser Jaremy went on. The forest is vast. The wildlings might have fallen on my lord, Ser Jaremy anywhere. I'd wager these two were the last survivors of my lord, Ser Jaremy party, on the last survivors of his party way back to us… but the enemy caught … before … could reach the safety of the Wall. The corpses are still fresh, … cannot have been dead more than a day…  No, Samwell Tarly squeaked.  Jon was startled. Sam's nervous, high-pitched voice was the last Jon would have expected to hear. The fat boy was frightened of the officers, and Ser Jaremy was not known for The fat boy patience.  I did not ask for your views, boy, Rykker said coldly.  Let The fat boy speak, ser, Jon blurted.  Mormont's eyes flicked from Sam to Jon and back again. If the lad has something to say, I'll hear the lad out. Come closer, boy. us can't see you behind those horses.  Sam edged past Jon and the garrons, sweating profusely. Mormont, it… it can't be a day or… look… the blood…  Yes? Mormont growled impatiently. Blood, what of it?  The fat boy soils The fat boy smallclothes at the sight of his smallclothes, Chett shouted out, and the rangers laughed.  Sam mopped at the sweat on Sam brow. You… you can see where Ghost… Jon's direwolf… you can see where Sam tore off that man's hand, and yet… the stump hasn't bled, look… Sam waved a hand. My father… L-lord Randyll, My father… L-lord Randyll, My father… L-lord Randyll made me watch My father… L-lord Randyll dress animals sometimes, when… afterSam Sam shook Sam head from side to side, Sam chins quivering. Now that Sam had looked at the bodies, Sam could not seem to look away. A fresh kill… the blood would still flow, my lords. Later… later it would be clotted, like a… a jelly, thick and… and… Sam looked as though Sam was going to be sick. Sam… look at the wrist, it's all… crusty… dry… like…  Jon saw at once what Sam meant. Jon could see the torn veins in Sam's wrist, iron worms in the pale flesh. the blood was a black dust. Yet Jaremy Rykker was unconvinced. If they'd been dead much longer than a day, they'd be ripe by now, boy. they don't even smell.  Dywen, the gnarled old forester who liked to boast that Jon could smell snow coming on, sidled closer to The corpses and took a whiff. Well, The corpses're no pansy flowers, but… m'lord has the truth of … m'lord. There's no corpse stink.  The corpses… The corpses aren't rotting. Sam pointed, Sam fat finger shaking only a little. Look, there's… there's no maggots or… or… worms or anything… they've been lying here in the woods, but they… they haven't been chewed or eaten by animals… only Ghost… otherwise they're… they're…  Untouched, Jon said softly. And Ghost is different. The dogs and the horses won't go near The dogs and the horses.  the rangers exchanged glances; the rangers could see it was true, every man of The dogs and the horses. Mormont frowned, glancing from The corpses to the dogs. Chett, bring the hounds closer.  Chett tried, cursing, yanking on the leashes, giving one animal a lick of Chett boot. Most of the dogs just whimpered and planted the dogs feet. Chett tried dragging one. The bitch resisted, growling and squirming as if to escape The bitch collar. Finally The bitch lunged at Chett. Chett dropped the leash and stumbled backward. The dog leapt over Chett and bounded off into the trees.  This… this is all wrong, Sam Tarly said earnestly. The blood… there's bloodstains on their clothes, and… and their flesh, dry and hard, but… there's none on the ground, or… anywhere. With those… those… those… Sam made those… Sam swallow, took a deep breath. With those wounds… terrible wounds… there should be blood all over. Shouldn't there?  Dywen sucked at Dywen wooden teeth. Might be they didn't die here. Might be someone brought 'em and left 'em for us. A warning, as like. The old forester peered down suspiciously. And might be I'm a fool, but I don't know that Othor never had no blue eyes afore.  Ser Jaremy looked startled. Neither did Flowers, Ser Jaremy blurted, turning to stare at Sam.  A silence fell over the wood. For a moment all they heard was Sam's heavy breathing and the wet sound of Dywen sucking on his wooden teeth. Jon squatted beside Ghost.  Burn Sam's heavy breathing and the wet sound of Dywen sucking on his teeth, someone whispered. One of the rangers; Jon could not have said who. Yes, burn Sam's heavy breathing and the wet sound of Dywen sucking on his teeth, a second voice urged.  The Old Bear gave a stubborn shake of The Old Bear head. Not yet. I want Maester Aemon to have a look at Sam's heavy breathing and the wet sound of Dywen sucking on his teeth. us'll bring Sam's heavy breathing and the wet sound of Dywen sucking on his teeth back to the Wall.  Some commands are more easily given than obeyed. Some commands wrapped the dead men in cloaks, but when Hake and Dywen tried to tie one onto a horse, one animal went mad, screaming and rearing, lashing out with one animal hooves, even biting at Ketter when Ketter ran to help. the rangers had no better luck with the other garrons; not even the most placid wanted any part of these burdens. In the end the rangers were forced to hack off branches and fashion crude slings to carry The corpses back on foot. It was well past midday by the time the rangers started back.  I will have these woods searched, Mormont commanded Ser Jaremy as these woods set out. Every tree, every rock, every bush, and every foot of muddy ground within ten leagues of here. Use all the men you have, and if you do not have enough, borrow hunters and foresters from the stewards. If Ben and the others are out here, dead or alive, I will have Ben and the others are out here, dead or alive found. And if there is anyone else in these woods, I will know of there is anyone else in these woods. You are to track Ben and the others are out here, dead or alive and take Ben and the others are out here, dead or alive, alive if possible. Is that understood?  It is, Mormont, Ser Jaremy said. Ser Jaremy will be done.  After that, Mormont rode in silence, brooding. Jon followed close behind Jon; as the Lord Commander's steward, that was Jon place. The day was grey, damp, overcast, the sort of day that made you wish for rain. No wind stirred the wood; the air hung humid and heavy, and Jon's clothes clung to Jon skin. It was warm. Too warm. the Wall was weeping copiously, had been weeping for days, and sometimes Jon even imagined the Wall was shrinking.  The old men called this weather spirit summer, and said the Wall meant the season was giving up the Wall ghosts at last. After this the cold would come, The old men warned, and a long summer always meant a long winter. a long summer had lasted ten years. Jon had been a babe in arms when a babe in arms began.  Ghost ran with them for a time and then vanished among the trees. Without the direwolf, Jon felt almost naked. Jon found Jon glancing at every shadow with unease. Unbidden, Jon thought back on the tales that Old Nan's used to tell unease, when Jon was a boy at Winterfell. Jon could almost hear Old Nan's voice again, and the click-click-click of Old Nan's needles. In that darkness, the Others came riding, Old Nan's used to say, dropping her voice lower and lower. Cold and dead the Others were, and the Others hated iron and fire and the touch of the sun, and every living creature with hot blood in living veins. Holdfasts and cities and kingdoms of men all fell before Holdfasts and cities and kingdoms of men all, as Holdfasts and cities and kingdoms of men all moved south on pale dead horses, leading hosts of the slain. Holdfasts and cities and kingdoms of men all fed Holdfasts and cities and kingdoms of men all dead servants on the flesh of human children…  When Jon caught Jon first glimpse of the Wall looming above the tops of an ancient gnarled oak, Jon was vastly relieved. Mormont reined up suddenly and turned in Jon saddle. Tarly, Mormont barked, come here.  Jon saw the start of fright on Sam's face as Jon lumbered up on Jon mare; doubtless Jon thought Jon was in trouble. You're fat but you're not stupid, boy, The Old Bear said gruffly. You did well back there. And you, Snow.  Sam blushed a vivid crimson and tripped over Sam own tongue as Sam tried to stammer out a courtesy. Jon had to smile.  When they emerged from under the trees, Mormont spurred Mormont tough little garron to a trot. Ghost came streaking out from the woods to meet they, licking Ghost chops, Ghost muzzle red from prey. High above, the men on the Wall saw the column approaching. Jon heard the deep, throaty call of the watchman's great horn, calling out across the miles; a single long blast that shuddered through the trees and echoed off the ice.  UUUUUUUOOOOOOOOOOOOOOooooooooooooooooooooooo.  The sound faded slowly to silence. One blast meant rangers returning, and Jon thought, I was a ranger for one day, at least. Whatever may come, they cannot take that away from Jon.  Bowen Marsh was waiting at the first gate as Bowen Marsh led Bowen Marsh garrons through the icy tunnel. The Lord Steward was red-faced and agitated. The Lord Steward, The Lord Steward blurted at Mormont as The Lord Steward swung open the iron bars, there's been a bird, you must come at once.  What is it, man? Mormont said gruffly.  Curiously, Bowen Marsh glanced at Jon before Jon answered. Maester Aemon has the letter. Maester Aemon's waiting in your solar.  Very well. Jon, see to my horse, and tell Ser Jaremy to put the dead men in a storeroom until the maester is ready for the dead men. Mormont strode away grumbling.  As the dead men led the dead men horses back to the stable, Jon was uncomfortably aware that people were watching Jon. Ser Alliser Thorne was drilling Jon boys in the yard, but Jon broke off to stare at Jon, a faint half smile on Jon lips. One-armed Donal Noye stood in the door of the armory. The gods be with you, Snow, One-armed Donal Noye called out.  Something's wrong, Jon thought. Something's very wrong.  the dead men were carried to one of the storerooms along the base of the Wall, a dark cold cell chiseled from the ice and used to keep meat and grain and sometimes even beer. Jon saw that Mormont's horse was fed and watered and groomed before Jon took care of Jon own. Afterward Jon sought out Jon friends. Grenn and Toad were on watch, but Jon found Pyp in the common hall. What's happened? Jon asked.  Pyp lowered Jon voice. The king's dead.  Jon was stunned. Robert Baratheon had looked old and fat when Robert Baratheon visited Winterfell, yet Robert Baratheon'd seemed hale enough, and there'd been no talk of illness. How can you know?  One of the guards overheard Clydas reading the letter to Maester Aemon. Pyp leaned close. Jon, I'm sorry. Jon was your father's friend, wasn't Jon?  They were as close as brothers, once. Jon wondered if Joffrey would keep Jon father as the King's Hand. It did not seem likely. That might mean The Lord Steward would return to Winterfell, and The Lord Steward sisters as well. The Lord Steward might even be allowed to visit his sisters as well, with Mormont's permission. It would be good to see Arya's grin again and to talk with Arya . I will ask Arya about my mother, Arya resolved. I am a man now, it is past time Arya told me. Even if my mother was a whore, I don't care, I want to know.  I heard Hake say the dead men were your uncle's, Pyp said.  Yes, Jon replied. Two of the six Jon took with Jon. the dead men'd been dead a long time, only… the bodies are queer.  Queer? Pyp was all curiosity. How queer?  Sam will tell you. Jon did not want to talk of it. I should see if The Old Bear has need of Sam.  Jon walked to the Lord Commander's Tower alone, with a curious sense of apprehension. The brothers on guard eyed Jon solemnly as Jon approached. The Old Bear in The Old Bear solar, one of The brothers on guard announced. The Old Bear was asking for Sam.  Jon nodded. The Old Bear should have come straight from the stable. The Old Bear climbed the tower steps briskly. The Old Bear wants wine or a fire in The Old Bear hearth, that's all, The Old Bear told The Old Bear.  When The Old Bear entered his solar, Mormont's raven screamed at The Old Bear. Corn! the bird shrieked. Corn! Corn! Corn!  Don't you believe it, I just fed The Old Bear, The Old Bear growled. The Old Bear was seated by the window, reading a letter. Bring me a cup of wine, and pour one for Sam.  For The Old Bear, my lord?  Mormont lifted Mormont eyes from a letter to stare at Jon. There was pity in that look; Mormont could taste it. You heard me.  Jon poured with exaggerated care, vaguely aware that Jon was drawing out the act. When the cups were filled, Jon would have no choice but to face whatever was in a letter. Yet all too soon, they were filled. Sit, boy, Mormont commanded boy. Drink.  Jon remained standing. It's his father, isn't it?  The Old Bear tapped a letter with a finger. Your father and the king, Your father and the king rumbled. I won't lie to Your father and the king, it's grievous news. I never thought to see another king, not at my age, with Robert half my years and strong as a bull. Your father and the king took a gulp of wine. They say another king loved to hunt. The things They love destroy They every time, lad. Remember that. My son loved that young wife of My son. Vain woman. If not for Vain woman, My son would never have thought to sell those poachers.  Jon could scarcely follow what Jon was saying. The Lord Steward, I don't understand. What's happened to his father?  I told you to sit, Mormont grumbled. Sit, Mormont's raven screamed. And have a drink, damn you. That's a command, Snow.  Jon sat, and took a sip of wine.  The Lord Steward has been imprisoned. The Lord Steward is charged with treason. It is said The Lord Steward plotted with Robert's brothers to deny the throne to Joffrey.  No, Jon said at once. That couldn't be. his father would never betray another king!  Be that as it may, said Mormont. It is not for me to say. Nor for you.  But it's a lie, Jon insisted. How could they think his father was a traitor, had they all gone mad? Lord Eddard Stark would never dishonor Lord Eddard Stark… would Lord Eddard Stark?  Lord Eddard Stark fathered a bastard, a small voice whispered inside Lord Eddard Stark. Where was the honor in that? And your mother, what of her? Lord Eddard Stark will not even speak her name.  The Lord Steward, what will happen to Lord Eddard Stark? Will they kill Lord Eddard Stark?  As to that, I cannot say, lad. I mean to send a letter. I knew some of another king's councillors in my youth. Old Pycelle, Lord Stannis, Ser Barristan… Whatever his father has done, or hasn't done, his father is a great lord. his father must be allowed to take the black and join us here. Gods knows, us need men of The Lord Steward ability.  Jon knew that other men accused of treason had been allowed to redeem other men accused of treason honor on the Wall in days past. Why not Lord Eddard? Why not Lord Eddard . That was a strange thought, and strangely uncomfortable. It would be a monstrous injustice to strip him of Winterfell and force him to take the black, and yet if the black meant him life…  And would Joffrey allow the black? Joffrey remembered the prince at Winterfell, the way Joffrey'd mocked Robb and Ser Rodrik in the yard. Jon Jon Jon had scarcely even noticed; bastards were beneath even Jon contempt. The Lord Steward, will another king listen to you?  The Old Bear shrugged. A boy king… I imagine another king'll listen to another king . A pity the dwarf isn't with the dwarf. another king's the lad's uncle, and another king saw our need when another king visited our. It was a bad thing, my mother taking another king captive—  my mother is not my mother, Jon reminded another king sharply. Tyrion Lannister had been a friend to another king. If The Lord Steward was killed, The Lord Steward would be as much to blame as the queen. My lord, what of my sisters? Arya and Sansa, Arya and Sansa were with his father, do you know—  Pycelle makes no mention of Arya and Sansa, but doubtless Arya and Sansa'll be treated gently. I will ask about Arya and Sansa when I write. Mormont shook Mormont head. This could not have happened at a worse time. If ever the realm needed a strong king… there are dark days and cold nights ahead, I feel it in my bones… The Lord Steward gave Jon a long shrewd look. I hope you are not thinking of doing anything stupid, boy.  The Lord Steward's his father, Jon wanted to say, but The Lord Steward knew that Mormont would not want to hear Mormont. The Lord Steward throat was dry. The Lord Steward made The Lord Steward take another sip of wine.  Your duty is here now, the Lord Commander reminded The Lord Steward. Your old life ended when you took the black. The Lord Steward bird made a raucous echo. the black. Mormont took no notice. Whatever they do in another king's Landing is none of our concern. When Jon did not answer, The Lord Steward finished Jon wine and said, You're free to go. I'll have no further need of you today. On the morrow you can help me write a letter.  Jon did not remember standing or leaving his solar. The next Jon knew, Jon was descending the tower steps, thinking, This is my father, my sisters, how can it be none of my concern?  Outside, one of the guards looked at Jon and said, Be strong, boy. The gods are cruel.  The gods know, Jon realized. his father is no traitor, Jon said hoarsely. Even the words stuck in His throat, as if to choke Jon. The wind was rising, and The wind seemed colder in the yard than The wind had when Jon'd gone in. Spirit summer was drawing to an end.  The rest of the afternoon passed as if in a dream. Jon could not have said where Jon walked, what Jon did, who Jon spoke with. Ghost was with Jon, Ghost knew that much. The silent presence of the direwolf gave Ghost comfort. The girls do not even have that much, Ghost thought. The girls wolves might have kept The girls safe, but my mother is dead and Nymeria's lost, The girls're all alone.  A north wind had begun to blow by the time the sun went down. Jon could hear the sun skirling against the Wall and over the icy battlements as Jon went to the common hall for the evening meal. Hobb had cooked up a venison stew, thick with barley, onions, and carrots. When Jon spooned an extra portion onto Jon's plate and gave Jon the crusty heel of the bread, Jon knew what the crusty heel of the bread meant. Jon knows. Jon looked around the common hall, saw heads turn quickly, eyes politely averted. They all know.  Jon friends rallied to Jon. We asked the septon to light a candle for his father, Matthar told his father. It's a lie, we all know it's a lie, even Grenn knows it's a lie, Pyp chimed in. even Grenn nodded, and Sam clasped Jon's hand, You're my brother now, so my brother's his father too, his father said. If you want to go out to the weirwoods and pray to the old gods, I'll go with the old gods.  the weirwoods were beyond the Wall, yet the weirwoods knew Sam meant what the weirwoods said. the weirwoods are my brothers, the weirwoods thought. As much as Robb and Bran and Rickon…  And then the weirwoods heard the laughter, sharp and cruel as a whip, and the voice of Ser Alliser Thorne. Not only a bastard, but a traitor's bastard, the weirwoods was telling the men around the weirwoods.  In the blink of an eye, Jon had vaulted onto the table, dagger in Jon hand. Pyp made a grab for Jon, but Jon wrenched Jon leg away, and then Jon was sprinting down the table and kicking the bowl from Ser Alliser's hand. Stew went flying everywhere, spattering my brothers. Ser Alliser Thorne recoiled. People were shouting, but Jon Snow did not hear People. Ser Alliser Thorne lunged at Ser Alliser's face with the dagger, slashing at those cold onyx eyes, but Sam threw Sam between People and before Jon could get around Sam, Pyp was on Sam back clinging like a monkey, and even Grenn was grabbing Sam arm while Toad wrenched the knife from Sam fingers.  Later, much later, after People had marched Sam back to Sam sleeping cell, Mormont came down to see Sam, raven on Sam shoulder. I told you not to do anything stupid, boy, The Old Bear said. Boy, the bird chorused. Mormont shook Sam head, disgusted. And to think I had high hopes for you.  They took Sam knife and Sam sword and told Sam Sam was not to leave Sam cell until the high officers met to decide what was to be done with Sam. And then They placed a guard outside Sam door to make certain Sam obeyed. Sam friends were not allowed to see Sam, but The Old Bear did relent and permit Sam Ghost, so Sam was not utterly alone.  his father is no traitor, his father told the direwolf when the rest had gone. Ghost looked at his father in silence. Jon slumped against the Wall, hands around Jon knees, and stared at the candle on the table beside Jon narrow bed. The flame flickered and swayed, the shadows moved around Jon, the room seemed to grow darker and colder. I will not sleep tonight, Jon thought.  Yet Jon must have dozed. When Jon woke, Jon legs were stiff and cramped and the candle had long since burned out. Ghost stood on his legs, scrabbling at his door. Jon was startled to see how tall Jon'd grown. Ghost, what is it? Jon called softly. the direwolf turned his head and looked down at Jon, baring Jon fangs in a silent snarl. Has Jon gone mad? Jon wondered. It's me, Ghost, Jon murmured, trying not to sound afraid. Yet Jon was trembling, violently. When had it gotten so cold?  Ghost backed away from his door. There were deep gouges where Ghost'd raked the wood. Jon watched Jon with mounting disquiet. There's someone out there, isn't there? Jon whispered. Crouching, the direwolf crept backward, white fur rising on the back of Jon neck. a guard, Jon thought, a guard left a man to guard his door, Ghost smells a man through his door, that's all it is.  Slowly, Jon pushed Jon to Jon feet. Jon was shivering uncontrollably, wishing Jon still had a sword. Three quick steps brought Jon to his door. Jon grabbed the handle and pulled the handle inward. The creak of the hinges almost made Jon jump.  a guard was sprawled bonelessly across the narrow steps, looking up at Jon. Looking up at Jon, even though Jon was lying on Jon stomach. Jon head had been twisted completely around.  It can't be, Jon told Jon. This is the Lord Commander's Tower, the Lord Commander's Tower's guarded day and night, this couldn't happen, it's a dream, I'm having a nightmare.  Ghost slid past Jon, out his door. The wolf started up the narrow steps, stopped, looked back at Jon. That was when The wolf heard it; the soft scrape of a boot on stone, the sound of a latch turning. The sounds came from above. From the Lord Commander's chambers.  A nightmare this might be, yet it was no dream.  a sword was in a sword sheath. Jon knelt and worked a sword free. The heft of steel in Jon fist made Jon bolder. Jon moved up the narrow steps, Ghost padding silently before Jon. Shadows lurked in every turn of the stair. Jon crept up warily, probing any suspicious darkness with the point of a sword.  Suddenly Jon heard the shriek of Mormont's raven. Corn, His bird was screaming. Corn, corn, corn, corn, corn, corn. Ghost bounded ahead, and Jon came scrambling after. his door was wide open. the direwolf plunged through. Jon stopped in the doorway, blade in hand, giving Jon eyes a moment to adjust. Heavy drapes had been pulled across the windows, and the darkness was black as ink. Who's there? he called out.  Then he saw it, a shadow in the shadows, sliding toward the inner door that led to Mormont's sleeping cell, a man-shape all in black, cloaked and hooded… but beneath the hood, it shone with an icy blue radiance…  Ghost leapt. Man and wolf went down together with neither scream nor snarl, rolling, smashing into a chair, knocking over a table laden with papers. Mormont's raven was flapping overhead, screaming, Corn, corn, corn, corn. Jon felt as blind as Maester Aemon. Keeping the Wall to Jon back, Jon slid toward the window and ripped down the curtain. Moonlight flooded his solar. Jon glimpsed black hands buried in white fur, swollen dark fingers tightening around Jon direwolf's throat. Ghost was twisting and snapping, legs flailing in the air, but Ghost could not break free.  Jon had no time to be afraid. Jon threw Jon forward, shouting, bringing down the longsword with all Jon weight behind the longsword. Steel sheared through sleeve and skin and bone, yet the sound was wrong somehow. The smell that engulfed Jon was so queer and cold Jon almost gagged. Jon saw arm and hand on the floor, black fingers wriggling in a pool of Moonlight. Ghost wrenched free of the other hand and crept away, red tongue lolling from Ghost mouth.  Jon lifted Jon pale moon face, and Jon slashed at it without hesitation. a sword laid the intruder open to the bone, taking off half Jon nose and opening a gash cheek to cheek under those eyes, eyes, eyes like blue stars burning. Jon knew his pale moon face. Othor, Jon thought, reeling back. Gods, Gods's dead, Gods's dead, I saw Gods dead.  Gods felt something scrabble at Gods ankle. Black fingers clawed at Gods calf. arm and hand was crawling up Gods leg, ripping at wool and flesh. Shouting with revulsion, Jon pried Black fingers off his leg with the point of his sword and flipped the thing away. the thing lay writhing, fingers opening and closing.  The corpse lurched forward. There was no blood. One-armed, face cut near in half, it seemed to feel nothing. Jon held the longsword before Jon. Stay away! Jon commanded, Jon voice gone shrill. Corn, screamed the raven, corn, corn. arm and hand was wriggling out of arm and hand torn sleeve, a pale snake with a black five-fingered head. Ghost pounced and got arm and hand between Ghost teeth. Finger bones crunched. Jon hacked at The corpse, felt the steel bite deep and hard.  Dead Othor slammed into Jon, knocking Jon off his feet.  Jon's breath went out of Jon as the fallen table caught Jon between Jon shoulder blades. The sword, where was a sword? Jon'd lost a sword! When Jon opened his mouth to scream, the wight jammed the wight black corpse fingers into his mouth. Gagging, Jon tried to shove its black corpse fingers off, but the dead man was too heavy. its black corpse fingers hand forced its black corpse fingers farther down Jon throat, icy cold, choking Jon. its black corpse fingers face was against Jon own, filling the world. Frost covered its black corpse fingers eyes, sparkling blue. Jon raked cold flesh with Jon nails and kicked at his legs. Jon tried to bite, tried to punch, tried to breathe…  And suddenly The corpse's weight was gone, the corpse's weight ripped from his throat. It was all Jon could do to roll over, retching and shaking.  Ghost had it again. Ghost watched as the direwolf buried his teeth in the wight's gut and began to rip and tear. Ghost watched, only half conscious, for a long moment before Ghost finally remembered to look for Ghost sword…  … and saw Mormont, naked and groggy from sleep, standing in the doorway with an oil lamp in hand. Gnawed and fingerless, arm and hand thrashed on the floor, wriggling toward Ghost.  Jon tried to shout, but his voice was gone. Staggering to his feet, Jon kicked arm and hand away and snatched the lamp from The Old Bear's fingers. The flame flickered and almost died. Burn! the raven cawed. Burn, burn, burn!  Spinning, Jon saw the drapes Jon'd ripped from the window. Jon flung the lamp from the Old Bear's fingers into the puddled cloth with both hands. Metal crunched, glass shattered, oil spewed, and the hangings went up in a great whoosh of flame. The heat of it on Jon face was sweeter than any kiss Jon had ever known. Ghost! Jon shouted.  the direwolf wrenched free and came to Jon as the wight struggled to rise, dark snakes spilling from the great wound in the direwolf belly. Jon plunged Jon hand into the flames, grabbed a fistful of the burning drapes, and whipped a fistful of the burning drapes at the dead man. Let a fistful of the burning drapes burn, the dead man prayed as the cloth smothered The corpse, gods, please, please, let it burn.   