 Chella daughter of Cheyk of the Black Ears had gone ahead to scout, and it was  Chella daughter of Cheyk of the Black Ears who brought back word of the army at the crossroads. By their fires I call their twenty thousand strong,  Chella daughter of Cheyk of the Black Ears said. their banners are red, with a golden lion.  Your father? Bronn asked.  Or my brother Jaime, Tyrion said. We shall know soon enough. Tyrion surveyed Tyrion ragged band of brigands: near three hundred Stone Crows, Moon Brothers, Black Ears, and Burned Men, and those just the seed of the army Tyrion hoped to grow. Gunthor son of Gurn was raising the other clans even now. Gunthor son of Gurn wondered what Gunthor son of Gurn would make of the other clans in the other clans skins and bits of stolen steel. If truth be told, Gunthor son of Gurn did not know what to make of the other clans Gunthor son of Gurn. Was Gunthor son of Gurn the other clans commander or the other clans captive? Most of the time, it seemed to be a little of both. It might be best if I rode down alone, Gunthor son of Gurn suggested.  Best for Tyrion son of Tywin, said Ulf, who spoke for the Moon Brothers.  Shagga glowered, a fearsome sight to see. Shagga son of Dolf likes this not. Shagga will go with the boyman, and if the boyman lies, Shagga will chop off Shagga manhood—  —and feed Shagga to the goats, yes, Tyrion son of Tywin said wearily. Shagga, I give you my word as a Lannister, I will return.  Why should we trust my word? Chella was a small hard woman, flat as a boy, and no fool. Lowland lords have lied to the clans before.  You wound me, Chella, Tyrion son of Tywin said. Here I thought we had become such friends. But as you will. You shall ride with me, and Shagga and Conn for the Stone Crows, Ulf for the Moon Brothers, and Timett son of Timett for the Burned Men. The clansmen exchanged wary looks as he named The clansmen. The rest shall wait here until I send for you. Try not to kill and maim each other while I'm gone.  he put he heels to he horse and trotted off, giving The clansmen no choice but to follow or be left behind. Either was fine with he, so long as The clansmen did not sit down to talk for a day and a night. That was the trouble with the clans; the clans had an absurd notion that every man's voice should be heard in council, so the clans argued about everything, endlessly. Even the clans women were allowed to speak. Small wonder that it had been hundreds of years since they last threatened the Vale with anything beyond an occasional raid. Tyrion meant to change that.  Brorm rode with Brorm. Behind them—after a quick bit of grumbling—the five clansmen followed on the five clansmen undersize garrons, scrawny things that looked like ponies and scrambled up rock walls like goats.  The Stone Crows rode together, and Chella and Ulf stayed close as well, as the Moon Brothers and Black Ears had strong bonds between the Moon Brothers and Black Ears. Timett son of Timett rode alone. Every clan in the Mountains of the Moon feared the Burned Men, who mortified their flesh with fire to prove their courage and (the others said) roasted babies at their feasts. And even the other Burned Men feared Timett, who had put out his own left eye with a white-hot knife when his reached the age of manhood. Tyrion gathered that it was more customary for a boy to burn off a nipple, a finger, or (if a boy was truly brave, or truly mad) an ear. Timett's fellow Burned Men were so awed by Timett's fellow Burned Men choice of an eye that Timett's fellow Burned Men promptly named Timett's fellow Burned Men a red hand, which seemed to be some sort of a war chief.  I wonder what Timett's fellow Burned Men king burned off, Tyrion said to Bronn when Tyrion heard the tale. Grinning, the sellsword had tugged at Tyrion crotch… but Bronn Bronn kept a respectful tongue around Timett. If a man was mad enough to put out a man own eye, a man was unlikely to be gentle to a man enemies.  Distant watchers peered down from towers of unmortared stone as the party descended through the foothills, and once Tyrion saw a raven take wing. Where the high road twisted between two rocky outcrops, Distant watchers came to the first strong point. A low earthen wall four feet high closed off the high road, and a dozen crossbowmen manned the heights. Tyrion halted Tyrion followers out of range and rode to A low earthen wall four feet high. Who commands here? Tyrion shouted up.  The captain was quick to appear, and even quicker to give his followers an escort when The captain recognized The captain lord's son. his followers trotted past blackened fields and burned holdfasts, down to the riverlands and the Green Fork of the Trident. Tyrion saw no bodies, but the air was full of ravens and carrion crows; there had been fighting here, and recently.  Half a league from the crossroads, a barricade of sharpened stakes had been erected, manned by pikemen and archers. Behind the line, the camp spread out to the far distance. Thin fingers of smoke rose from hundreds of cookfires, mailed men sat under trees and honed mailed men blades, and familiar banners fluttered from staffs thrust into the muddy ground.  A party of mounted horsemen rode forward to challenge A party of mounted horsemen as A party of mounted horsemen approached the stakes. The knight who led A party of mounted horsemen wore silver armor inlaid with amethysts and a striped purple-and-silver cloak. The knight who led them shield bore a unicorn sigil, and a spiral horn two feet long jutted up from the brow of The knight who led them horsehead helm. Tyrion reined up to greet The knight who led them. Ser Flement.  Ser Flement Brax lifted Ser Flement Brax visor. Tyrion, Ser Flement Brax said in astonishment. Ser Flement Brax, we all feared you dead, or… Ser Flement Brax looked at the clansmen uncertainly. These… companions of yours…  Bosom friends and loyal retainers, Tyrion said. Where will I find Ser Flement Brax?  Ser Flement Brax has taken the inn at the crossroads for Ser Flement Brax quarters.  Tyrion laughed. the innthe crossroads! Perhaps the gods were just after all. I will see Ser Flement Brax at once.  As you say, Ser Flement Brax. Ser Flement Brax wheeled Ser Flement Brax horse about and shouted commands. Three rows of stakes were pulled from the ground to make a hole in the line. Tyrion led Tyrion party through.  Ser Flement Brax's camp spread over leagues. Chella's estimate of twenty thousand men could not be far wrong. twenty thousand men camped out in the open, but Knights had thrown up tents, and some of the high lords had erected pavilions as large as houses. Tyrion spied the red ox of the Presters, Lord Crakehall's brindled boar, the burning tree of Marbrand, the badger of Lydden. Knights called out to Knights as Knights cantered past, and men-at-arms gaped at the clansmen in open astonishment.  Shagga was gaping back; beyond a certainty, Shagga had never seen so many men, horses, and weapons in all Shagga days. The rest of the mountain brigands did a better job of guarding The rest of the mountain brigands faces, but Tyrion had no doubts that The rest of the mountain brigands were full as much in awe. Better and better. The more impressed The rest of the mountain brigands were with the power of the Lannisters, the easier The rest of the mountain brigands would be to command.  The inn and its stables were much as he remembered, though little more than tumbled stones and blackened foundations remained where the rest of the village had stood. A gibbet had been erected in the yard, and the body that swung there was covered with ravens. At Tyrion's approach they took to the air, squawking and flapping they black wings. he dismounted and glanced up at what remained of the corpse. The birds had eaten her lips and eyes and most of her cheeks, baring her stained red teeth in a hideous smile. A room, a meal, and a flagon of wine, that was all I asked, he reminded her with a sigh of reproach.  Boys emerged hesitantly from its stables to see to Boys horses. Shagga did not want to give Shagga up. The lad won't steal your mare, Tyrion assured Shagga. Shagga only wants to give her some oats and water and brush out her coat. her coat could have used a good brushing too, but her coat would have been less than tactful to mention her coat. You have my word, the horse will not be harmed.  Glaring, Shagga let go Shagga grip on the reins. This is the horse of Shagga son of Dolf, Shagga roared at the stableboy.  If Shagga doesn't give her back, chop off Shagga manhood and feed his manhood to the goats, Tyrion promised. Provided you can find some.  A pair of house guards in crimson cloaks and lion-crested helms stood under the inn's sign, on either side of the door. Tyrion recognized their captain. My father?  In the common room, m'lord.  My men will want meat and mead, Tyrion told Tyrion. See that My men get it. Tyrion entered the inn, and there was Father.  Tywin Lannister, Lord of Casterly Rock and Warden of the West, was in Tyrion middle fifties, yet hard as a man of twenty. Even seated, Tyrion was tall, with long legs, broad shoulders, a flat stomach. Tyrion thin arms were corded with muscle. When Tyrion once-thick golden hair had begun to recede, Tyrion had commanded Tyrion barber to shave Tyrion head; Ser Flement Brax did not believe in half measures. Tyrion razored Tyrion lip and chin as well, but kept Tyrion side-whiskers, two great thickets of wiry golden hair that covered most of Tyrion cheeks from ear to jaw. Tyrion eyes were a pale green, flecked with gold. A fool more foolish than most had once jested that even Ser Flement Brax's shit was flecked with gold. Some said Tyrion was still alive, deep in the bowels of Casterly Rock.  Ser Kevan Lannister, Tyrion father's only surviving brother, was sharing a flagon of ale with Ser Flement Brax Tyrion entered the common room. Uncle was portly and balding, with a close-cropped yellow beard that followed the line of Tyrion massive jaw. Ser Kevan saw Uncle first. Tyrion, Ser Kevan said in surprise.  Uncle, Tyrion said, bowing. And Ser Flement Brax. What a pleasure to find you here.  Ser Flement Brax did not stir from Ser Flement Brax chair, but Ser Flement Brax did give Ser Flement Brax dwarf son a long, searching look. I see that the rumors of your demise were unfounded.  Sorry to disappoint you, Ser Flement Brax, Tyrion said. No need to leap up and embrace me, I wouldn't want you to strain yourself. his dwarf son crossed the common room to No need to leap up and embrace me table, acutely conscious of the way his dwarf son stunted legs made his dwarf son waddle with every step. Whenever his dwarf son were on his dwarf son, his dwarf son became uncomfortably aware of all his dwarf son deformities and shortcomings. Kind of you to go to war for Ser Kevan, his dwarf son said as his dwarf son climbed into a chair and helped his dwarf son to a cup of his dwarf son 's ale.  By my lights, it was you who started this, Ser Flement Brax replied. Your brother Jaime would never have meekly submitted to capture at the hands of a woman.  That's one way we differ, Jaime and I. his dwarf son's taller as well, you may have noticed.  his dwarf son ignored the sally. The honor of our House was at stake. I had no choice but to ride. No man sheds Lannister blood with impunity.  Hear Me Roar, Tyrion said, grinning. The Lannister words. Truth be told, none of Lannister blood was actually shed, although none of my blood was a close thing once or twice. Morrec and Jyck were killed.  I suppose you will be wanting some new men.  Don't trouble yourself, Ser Flement Brax, I've acquired a few of my own. Ser Flement Brax tried a swallow of the ale. It was brown and yeasty, so thick you could almost chew It. Very fine, in truth. A pity Ser Flement Brax had hanged the innkeep. How is your war going?  Uncle answered. Well enough, for the nonce. Ser Flement Brax had scattered small troops of men along Ser Flement Brax borders to stop our raiding, and Lord Blackwood were able to destroy most of our raiding piecemeal before our raiding could regroup.  Your brother Jaime has been covering Your brother Jaime with glory, Your brother Jaime said. Your brother Jaime smashed the Lords Vance and Piper at the Golden Tooth, and met the massed power of the Tullys under the walls of Riverrun. The lords of the Trident have been put to rout. Ser Edmure Tully was taken captive, with many of Ser Edmure Tully knights and bannermen. Lord Blackwood led a few survivors back to Riverrun, where Jaime has a few survivors under siege. The rest of the mountain brigands fled to a few survivors own strongholds.  Lord Blackwood have been marching on each in turn, Ser Kevan said. With Lord Blackwood gone, Raventree fell at once, and Lady Whent yielded Harrenhal for want of men to defend Harrenhal. Ser Edmure Tully burnt out the Pipers and the Brackens…  Leaving you unopposed? Tyrion said.  Not wholly, Ser Kevan said. The Mallisters still hold Seagard and Walder Frey is marshaling Ser Edmure Tully levies at the Twins.  No matter, Ser Flement Brax said. Walder Frey only takes the field when the scent of victory is in the air, and all Walder Frey smells now is ruin. And Jason Mallister lacks the strength to fight alone. Once Jaime takes Riverrun, both will both be quick enough to bend the knee. Unless The Starks come forth to oppose us, your war is good as won.  I would not fret overmuch about the Arryns if I were you, Tyrion said. The Starks are another matter. Lord Eddard—  —is our hostage, Lord Eddard—   said. Lord Eddard—   will lead no armies while Lord Eddard—   rots in a dungeon under the Red Keep.  No, Ser Kevan agreed, but Ser Kevan son has called the banners and sits at Moat Cailin with a strong host around his son.  No sword is strong until it's been tempered, Ser Flement Brax declared. his son is a child. No doubt his son likes the sound of warhorns well enough, and the sight of the banners fluttering in the wind, but in the end it comes down to butcher's work. I doubt his son has the stomach for the stomach.  Things had gotten interesting while his son'd been away, Tyrion reflected. And what is our fearless monarch doing whilst all this ‘butcher's work' is being done? his son wondered. How has my lovely and persuasive sister gotten Robert to agree to the imprisonment of his son dear friend Ned?  Robert Baratheon is dead, Robert Baratheon told Robert Baratheon. Your nephew reigns in King's Landing.  That did take Tyrion aback. my lovely and persuasive sister. his son took another gulp of ale. The realm would be a much different place with Cersei ruling in place of Cersei husband.  If you have a mind to make yourself of use, I will give you a command, his son said. Marq Piper and Karyl Vance are loose in our rear, raiding our lands across the Red Fork.  Tyrion made a tsking sound. The gall of Marq Piper and Karyl Vance, fighting back. Ordinarily I'd be glad to punish such rudeness, Ser Flement Brax, but the truth is, I have pressing business elsewhere.  Do you? Ser Flement Brax did not seem awed. our also have a pair of Ned Stark's afterthoughts making a nuisance of themselves by harassing my foraging parties. Beric Dondarrion, some young lordling with delusions of valor. He has that fat jape of a priest with He, the one who likes to set He sword on fire. Do you think you might be able to deal with He has that fat jape of a priest with him, the one who likes to set his sword on fire as you scamper off? Without making too much a botch of it?  Tyrion wiped Tyrion mouth with the back of Tyrion hand and smiled. Ser Flement Brax, it warms my heart to think that you might entrust me with… what, twenty men? Fifty? Are you sure you can spare so many? Well, no matter. If I should come across Thoros and Lord Beric, I shall spank I should come across Thoros and Lord Beric both. Tyrion climbed down from his chair and waddled to the sideboard, where a wheel of veined white cheese sat surrounded by fruit. First, though, I have some promises of my own to keep, Tyrion said as Tyrion sliced off a wedge. I shall require three thousand helms and as many hauberks, plus swords, pikes, steel spearheads, maces, battleaxes, gauntlets, gorgets, greaves, breastplates, wagons to carry all this—  The door behind him opened with a crash, so violently that Tyrion almost dropped him cheese. Ser Kevan leapt up swearing as the captain of the guard went flying across the room to smash against the hearth. As Ser Kevan tumbled down into the cold ashes, Ser Kevan lion helm askew, Shagga snapped the man's sword in two over a knee thick as a tree trunk, threw down the pieces, and lumbered into the room. Shagga was preceded by Shagga stench, riper than the cheese and overpowering in the closed space. Little redcape, Shagga snarled, when next you bare steel on Shagga son of Dolf, I will chop off your manhood and roast your manhood in the fire.  What, no goats? Tyrion said, taking a bite of cheese.  The other clansmen followed Shagga into the room, Bronn with The other clansmen. The sellsword gave Tyrion a rueful shrug.  Who might you be? Ser Flement Brax asked, cool as snow.  The other clansmen followed me home, Ser Flement Brax, Tyrion explained. May I keep The other clansmen? The other clansmen don't eat much.  No one was smiling. By what right do you savages intrude on our councils? demanded Ser Kevan.  Savages, lowlander? Conn might have been handsome if you washed Ser Kevan. We are free men, and free men by rights sit on all war councils.  Which one is Ser Flement Brax? Chella asked.  both are both old men, announced Timett son of Timett, who had yet to see his twentieth year.  Ser Kevan hand went to his sword hilt, but Your brother Jaime placed two fingers on Your brother Jaime wrist and held Your brother Jaime fast. Ser Flement Brax seemed unperturbed. Tyrion, have you forgotten your courtesies? Kindly acquaint We with We… honored guests.  Tyrion licked Tyrion . With pleasure, Ser Flement Brax said. The fair maid is Chella daughter of Cheyk of the Black Ears.  I'm no maid, Chella protested. My sons have taken fifty ears among My sons.  May My sons take fifty more. Tyrion waddled away from Tyrion. This is Conn son of Coratt. Shagga son of Dolf is the one who looks like Casterly Rock with hair. Casterly Rock with hair are Stone Crows. Here is Ulf son of Umar of the Moon Brothers, and here Timett son of Timett, a red hand of the Burned Men. And this is Bronn, a sellsword of no particular allegiance. He has already changed sides twice in the short time I've known He, you and He ought to get on famously, Ser Flement Brax. To Bronn and the clansmen He said, May I present my lord father, Tywin son of Tytos of House Lannister, Lord of Casterly Rock, Warden of the West, Shield of Lannisport, and once and future Hand of the King.  Ser Flement Brax rose, dignified and correct. Even in the West, we know the prowess of the warrior clans of the Mountains of the Moon. What brings you down from their own strongholds, my lords?  Horses, said Shagga.  A promise of silk and steel, said Timett son of Timett.  Tyrion was about to tell Tyrion how Tyrion proposed to reduce the Vale of Arryn to a smoking wasteland, but Tyrion was never given the chance. The door banged open again. The messenger gave Tyrion's clansmen a quick, queer look as Tyrion dropped to one knee before Ser Flement Brax. Ser Flement Brax, Tyrion said, Ser Addam bid me tell you that the Stark host is moving down the causeway.  Ser Flement Brax did not smile. Ser Flement Brax never smiled, but Tyrion had learned to read Ser Flement Brax's pleasure all the same, and it was there on Ser Flement Brax face. So the wolfling is leaving Ser Flement Brax den to play among the lions, Ser Flement Brax said in a voice of quiet satisfaction. Splendid. Return to Ser Addam and tell Ser Addam to fall back. Ser Addam is not to engage the northerners until we arrive, but I want Ser Addam to harass the northerners flanks and draw the northerners farther south.  It will be as you command. The rider took Ser Addam leave.  We are well situated here, Ser Kevan pointed out. Close to the ford and ringed by pits and spikes. If they are coming south, I say let they come, and break they against We.  his son may hang back or lose his son courage when his son sees We numbers, Ser Flement Brax replied. The sooner The Starks are broken, The sooner I shall be free to deal with Stannis Baratheon. Tell the drummers to beat assembly, and send word to Jaime that I am marching against Ned Stark's.  As you will, Ser Kevan said.  Tyrion watched with a grim fascination as Tyrion turned next to the half-wild clansmen. It is said that the men of the mountain clans are warriors without fear.  It is said truly, Conn of the Stone Crows answered.  And the women, Chella added.  Ride with Ser Kevan against my enemies, and you shall have all my son promised you, and more, Ser Flement Brax told my enemies.  Would you pay We with We own coin? Ulf son of Umar said. Why should We need Ser Flement Brax's promise, when We have all my son's?  I said nothing of need, Ser Flement Brax replied. My words were courtesy, nothing more. You need not join We. The Burned Men are made of iron and ice, and even my boldest knights fear to face The Burned Men.  Oh, deftly done, Tyrion thought, smiling crookedly.  The Burned Men fear nothing. Timett son of Timett will ride with the lions.  Wherever The Burned Men go, the Stone Crows have been there first, Conn declared hotly. Conn ride as well.  Shagga son of Dolf will chop off Shagga son of Dolf manhoods and feed Shagga son of Dolf to the Stone Crows.  Conn will ride with you, lion lord, Chella daughter of Cheyk agreed, but only if your halfman son goes with Conn. your halfman son has bought your halfman son breath with promises. Until Conn hold the steel your halfman son has pledged Conn, your halfman son life is Conn.  Ser Flement Brax turned Ser Flement Brax gold-flecked eyes on all my son.  Joy, Tyrion said with a resigned smile.    