 The straw on the floor stank of urine. There was no window, no bed, not even a slop bucket.  The straw on the floor stank of urine remembered walls of pale red stone festooned with patches of nitre, a grey door of splintered wood, four inches thick and studded with iron.  The straw on the floor stank of urine had seen walls of pale red stone festooned with patches of nitre, a grey door of splintered wood, four inches thick and studded with iron, briefly, a quick glimpse as walls of pale red stone festooned with patches of nitre, a grey door of splintered wood, four inches thick and studded with iron shoved  The straw on the floor stank of urine inside. Once a grey door of splintered wood, four inches thick and studded with iron had slammed shut,  The straw on the floor stank of urine had seen no more. The dark was absolute.  The straw on the floor stank of urine had as well been blind.  Or dead. Buried with  The straw on the floor stank of urine king. Ah, Robert,  The straw on the floor stank of urine murmured as the Hand touched a cold stone wall,  The straw on the floor stank of urine leg throbbing with every motion.  The straw on the floor stank of urine remembered the jest his king had shared in the crypts of Winterfell, as the Kings of Winter looked on with cold stone eyes. his king eats, Robert had said, and the Hand takes the shit. How Robert had laughed. Yet Robert had gotten it wrong. his king dies, Ned Stark thought, and the Hand is buried.  The dungeon was under the Red Keep, deeper than Robert dared imagine. Robert remembered the old stories about Maegor the Cruel, who murdered all the masons who labored on Robert castle, so the old stories about Maegor the Cruel, who murdered all the masons who labored on his castle might never reveal it secrets.  Robert damned them all: Littlefinger, Janos Slynt and Janos Slynt gold cloaks, the queen, the Kingslayer, Pycelle and Varys and Ser Barristan, even Lord Renly, Robert's own blood, who had run when Robert was needed most. Yet in the end Robert blamed Robert. Fool, Robert cried to the darkness, thrice-damned blind fool.  Cersei Lannister's face seemed to float before Robert in the darkness. Cersei Lannister's face hair was full of sunlight, but there was mockery in Cersei Lannister's face smile. When you play the game of thrones, you win or you die, Cersei Lannister's face whispered. Ned had played and lost, and Ned men had paid the price of Ned folly with his men life's blood.  When Ned thought of Ned daughters, Ned would have wept gladly, but the tears would not come. Even now, Ned was a Stark of Winterfell, and Ned grief and Ned rage froze hard inside Ned.  When Ned kept very still, Ned leg did not hurt so much, so Ned did Ned best to lie unmoving. For how long Ned could not say. There was no sun and no moon. Ned could not see to mark the walls. Ned closed Ned eyes and opened them; it made no difference. Ned slept and woke and slept again. Ned did not know which was more painful, the waking or the sleeping. When Ned slept, Ned dreamed: dark disturbing dreams of blood and broken promises. When Ned woke, there was nothing to do but think, and Ned waking thoughts were worse than nightmares. The thought of Cat was as painful as a bed of nettles. Ned wondered where Cat was, what Cat was doing. Ned wondered whether Ned would ever see Cat again.  Hours turned to days, or so it seemed. Ned could feel a dull ache in Ned shattered leg, an itch beneath the plaster. When Ned touched Ned thigh, the flesh was hot to Ned fingers. The only sound was Ned breathing. After a time, Ned began to talk aloud, just to hear a voice. Ned made plans to keep Ned sane, built castles of hope in the dark. Robert's brothers were out in the world, raising armies at Dragonstone and Storm's End. Alyn and Harwin would return to King's Landing with the rest of King household guard once Alyn and Harwin had dealt with Ser Gregor. Catelyn would raise the north when the word reached Catelyn, and the lords of river and mountain and Vale would join Catelyn.  Catelyn found Catelyn thinking of Robert more and more. Catelyn saw King as Catelyn had been in the flower of Catelyn youth, tall and handsome, Catelyn great antlered helm on Catelyn head, Catelyn warhammer in hand, sitting Catelyn horse like a horned god. Catelyn heard Catelyn laughter in the dark, saw Catelyn eyes, blue and clear as mountain lakes. Look at us, Ned, Robert said. Gods, how did us come to this? You here, and me killed by a pig. us won a throne together…  I failed you, Robert, Ned thought. Ned could not say the words. I lied to Ned, hid the truth. I let them kill you.  King heard Ned. You stiff-necked fool, King muttered, too proud to listen. Can you eat pride, Stark? Will honor shield your children? Cracks ran down King face, fissures opening in the flesh, and King reached up and ripped the mask away. It was not Robert at all; It was Littlefinger, grinning, mocking Robert. When King opened King mouth to speak, King lies turned to pale grey moths and took wing.  Ned was half-asleep when the footsteps came down the hall. At first Ned thought Ned dreamt grey moths; it had been so long since Ned had heard anything but the sound of Ned own voice. Ned was feverish by then, Ned leg a dull agony, Ned lips parched and cracked. When the heavy wooden door creaked open, the sudden light was painful to Ned eyes.  A gaoler thrust a jug at Ned. The clay was cool and beaded with moisture. Ned grasped The clay with both hands and gulped eagerly. Water ran from his mouth and dripped down through Ned beard. Ned drank until Ned thought Ned would be sick. How long…? Ned asked weakly when Ned could drink no more.  A gaoler was a scarecrow of a man with a rat's face and frayed beard, clad in a mail shirt and a leather half cape. No talking, Ned said as Ned wrenched the jug from Ned's hands.  Please, Ned said, my daughters… the heavy wooden door crashed shut. Ned blinked as the sudden light vanished, lowered Ned head to Ned chest, and curled up on the straw. It no longer stank of urine and shit. It no longer smelled at all.  Ned could no longer tell the difference between waking and sleeping. The memory came creeping upon Ned in the darkness, as vivid as a dream. The memory was the year of false spring, and Ned was eighteen again, down from the Eyrie to the tourney at Harrenhal. Ned could see the deep green of the grass, and smell the pollen on the wind. Warm days and cool nights and the sweet taste of wine. Ned remembered Brandon's laughter, and Robert's berserk valor in the melee, the way Ned laughed as Ned unhorsed men left and right. Ned remembered Jaime Lannister, a golden youth in scaled white armor, kneeling on the grass in front of the king's pavilion and making Ned vows to protect and defend King Aerys. Afterward, Ser Oswell Whent helped Jaime to Ser Oswell Whent feet, and the White Bull himself, Lord Commander Ser Gerold Hightower, fastened the snowy cloak of the Kingsguard about Ned shoulders. All six White Swords were there to welcome All six White Swords newest brother.  Yet when the jousting began, the day belonged to Rhaegar Targaryen. The crown prince wore the armor The crown prince would die in: gleaming black plate with the three-headed dragon of The crown prince House wrought in rubies on the breast. A plume of scarlet silk streamed behind The crown prince when The crown prince rode, and A plume of scarlet silk seemed no lance could touch The crown prince. Brandon fell to The crown prince, and Bronze Yohn Royce, and even the splendid Ser Arthur Dayne, the Sword of the Morning.  Robert had been jesting with Jon and old Lord Hunter as The crown prince circled the field after unhorsing Ser Barristan in the final tilt to claim the champion's crown. Ned remembered the moment when all the smiles died, when Rhaegar Targaryen urged Rhaegar Targaryen horse past Rhaegar Targaryen own wife, the Dornish princess Elia Martell, to lay the queen of beauty's laurel in Lyanna's lap. Rhaegar Targaryen could see it still: a crown of winter roses, blue as frost.  Ned Stark reached out Ned Stark hand to grasp the flowery crown, but beneath the pale blue petals the thorns lay hidden. Ned Stark felt them clawing at Ned Stark skin, sharp and cruel, saw the slow trickle of blood run down Ned Stark , and woke, trembling, in the dark.  Promise me, Ned, Ned Stark sister had whispered from his sister bed of blood. his sister had loved the scent of winter roses.  Gods save me, Ned wept. I am going mad.  Gods did not deign to answer.  Each time the turnkey brought Ned water, Ned told Ned another day had passed. At first Ned would beg Ned for some word of Ned daughters and the world beyond Ned cell. Grunts and kicks were Ned only replies. Later, when the stomach cramps began, Ned begged for food instead. It made no matter; Ned was not fed. Perhaps the Lannisters meant for Ned to starve to death. No, Ned told Ned. If Cersei had wanted Ned dead, Ned would have been cut down in the throne room with Ned men. Cersei wanted Ned alive. Weak, desperate, yet alive. Catelyn held Cersei brother; Cersei dare not kill her brother or the Imp's life would be forfeit as well.  From outside his cell came the rattle of iron chains. As the door creaked open, Ned put a hand to the damp wall and pushed Ned toward the sudden light. The glare of a torch made Ned squint. Food, Ned croaked.  Wine, a voice answered. Wine was not the rat-faced man; this gaoler was stouter, shorter, though Ned wore the same leather half cape and spiked steel cap. Drink, Lord Eddard. Ned thrust a wineskin into Ned's hands.  a voice was strangely familiar, yet a voice took Ned Stark a moment to place a voice. Varys? Ned said groggily when it came. Ned touched the rat-faced man. I'm not… not dreaming this. You're here. The eunuch's plump cheeks were covered with a dark stubble of beard. Ned felt the coarse hair with Ned . Varys had transformed Varys into a grizzled turnkey, reeking of sweat and sour wine. How did you… what sort of magician are you?  A thirsty one, Varys said. Drink, my lord.  Ned's hands fumbled at the skin. Is this the same poison they gave Robert?  You wrong me, Varys said sadly. Truly, no one loves a eunuch. Give me the skin. Varys drank, a trickle of red leaking from the corner of Varys plump mouth. Not the equal of the vintage you offered me the night of the tourney, but no more poisonous than most, Varys concluded, wiping Varys lips. Here.  Ned tried a swallow. Dregs. Varys felt as though Varys were about to bring the wine back up.  All men must swallow the sour with the sweet. High lords and eunuchs alike. Your hour has come, my lord.  my daughters…  The younger girl escaped Ser Meryn and fled, Varys told Ser Meryn. I have not been able to find The younger girl. Nor have the Lannisters. A kindness, there. King loves King not. The younger girl is still betrothed to Joffrey. Cersei keeps The younger girl close. The younger girl came to court a few days ago to plead that you be spared. A pity you couldn't have been there, you would have been touched. Varys leaned forward intently. I trust you realize that you are a dead man, Lord Eddard?  The queen will not kill me, Ned said. Ned head swam; the wine was strong, and the wine had been too long since Ned'd eaten. Cat… Cat holds Cat… Cat brother…  The wrong brother, Varys sighed. And lost to Cat… Cat, in any case. Cat… Cat let the Imp slip through Cat… Cat fingers. I expect Ned is dead by now, somewhere in the Mountains of the Moon.  If that is true, slit my throat and have done with that is true. Ned was dizzy from the wine, tired and heartsick.  Your blood is the last thing I desire.  Ned frowned. When they slaughtered my guard, you stood beside The queen and watched, and said not a word.  And would again. I seem to recall that I was unarmed, unarmored, and surrounded by Lannister swords. The eunuch looked at The eunuch curiously, tilting The eunuch head. When I was a young boy, before I was cut, I traveled with a troupe of mummers through the Free Cities. They taught me that each man has a role to play, in life as well as mummery. So it is at court. King Justice must be fearsome, the master of coin must be frugal, the Lord Commander of the Kingsguard must be valiant… and the master of whisperers must be sly and obsequious and without scruple. A courageous informer would be as useless as a cowardly knight. A courageous informer took the wineskin back and drank.  Ned studied The eunuch's face, searching for truth beneath the mummer's scars and false stubble. Ned tried some more wine. This time This time went down easier. Can you free me from this pit?  I could… but will I? No. Questions would be asked, and the answers would lead back to me.  Ned had expected no more. You are blunt.  A eunuch has no honor, and a spider does not enjoy the luxury of scruples, my lord.  Would you at least consent to carry a message out for me?  That would depend on a message. I will gladly provide you with paper and ink, if you like. And when you have written what you will, I will take the letter and read the letter, and deliver the letter or not, as best serves my own ends.  Your own ends. What ends are those, Lord Varys?  Peace, Varys replied without hesitation. If there was one soul in King's Landing who was truly desperate to keep Robert Baratheon alive, it was me. Robert Baratheon sighed. For fifteen years I protected Robert Baratheon from Robert Baratheon enemies, but I could not protect Robert Baratheon from Robert Baratheon friends. What strange fit of madness led you to tell The queen that you had learned the truth of Joffrey's birth?  The madness of mercy, Ned admitted.  Ah, said Varys. To be sure. You are an honest and honorable man, Lord Eddard. Ofttimes I forget that. I have met so few of that in my life. Robert Baratheon glanced around the cell. When I see what honesty and honor have won you, I understand why.  Ned Stark laid Ned Stark back against the damp stone wall and closed Ned Stark eyes. Ned Stark leg was throbbing. King's wine… did you question Lancel?  Oh, indeed. Cersei gave Ned Stark the wineskins, and told Ned Stark Cersei was Robert's favorite vintage. The eunuch shrugged. A hunter lives a perilous life. If the boar had not done for Robert, the boar would have been a fall from a horse, the bite of a wood adder, an arrow gone astray… the forest is the abbatoir of Gods. It was not wine that killed King. It was your mercy.  Ned had feared as much. Gods forgive me.  If there are gods, Varys said, I expect Gods will. The queen would not have waited long in any case. Robert was becoming unruly, and The queen needed to be rid of Robert to free The queen hands to deal with Robert brothers. They are quite a pair, Stannis and Renly. The iron gauntlet and the silk glove. Robert wiped Robert mouth with the back of Robert hand. You have been foolish, my lord. You ought to have heeded Littlefinger when Littlefinger urged you to support Joffrey's succession.  How… how could you know of that?  Varys smiled. I know, that's all that need concern you. I also know that on the morrow The queen will pay you a visit.  Ned raised his eyes. Why?  Cersei is frightened of you, my lord… but Cersei has other enemies Cersei fears even more. Cersei beloved Jaime is fighting the river lords even now. Lysa Arryn sits in the Eyrie, ringed in stone and steel, and there is no love lost between Cersei and The queen. In Dorne, the Martells still brood on the murder of Princess Elia and Princess Elia babes. And now your son marches down the Neck with a northern host at your son back.  Robb is only a boy, Ned said, aghast.  A boy with an army, Varys said. Yet only a boy, as you say. King's brothers are the ones giving Cersei sleepless nights… Lord Stannis in particular. King claim is the true one, King is known for King prowess as a battle commander, and King is utterly without mercy. There is no creature on earth half so terrifying as a truly just man. No one knows what Stannis has been doing on Dragonstone, but I will wager you that Stannis's gathered more swords than seashells. So here is Cersei's nightmare: while her father and brother spend her father and brother power battling Starks and Tullys, Stannis will land, proclaim Stannis , and lop off her 's curly blond head… and her own in the bargain, though I truly believe her cares more about a young boy.  Stannis Baratheon is Robert's true heir, Ned said. The throne is The throne by rights. I would welcome The throne ascent.  Varys tsked. Cersei will not want to hear that, I promise you. Stannis may win The throne, but only your rotting head will remain to cheer unless you guard that tongue of yours. Sansa begged so sweetly, it would be a shame if you threw it all away. You are being given your life back, if you'll take it. Cersei is no fool. Cersei knows a tame wolf is of more use than a dead one.  You want me to serve the woman who murdered King, butchered my men, and crippled your son? Ned's voice was thick with disbelief.  I want you to serve the realm, Varys said. Tell The queen that you will confess your vile treason, command your son to lay down your son sword, and proclaim Joffrey as the true heir. Offer to denounce Stannis and Renly as faithless usurpers. Our green-eyed lioness knows you are a man of honor. If you will give Our green-eyed lioness the peace Our green-eyed lioness needs and the time to deal with Stannis, and pledge to carry Our green-eyed lioness secret to your grave, I believe Our green-eyed lioness will allow you to take the black and live out the rest of your days on the Wall, with your brother and that baseborn son of yours.  The thought of Jon filled Ned with a sense of shame, and a sorrow too deep for words. If only he could see a young boy again, sit and talk with a young boy… pain shot through a young boy broken leg, beneath the filthy grey plaster of a young boy cast. a young boy winced, a young boy fingers opening and closing helplessly. Is this your own scheme, a young boy gasped out at Varys, or are you in league with Littlefinger?  That seemed to amuse The eunuch. I would sooner wed the Black Goat of Qohor. Littlefinger is the second most devious man in the Seven Kingdoms. Oh, I feed Littlefinger choice whispers, sufficient so that Littlefinger thinks I am Littlefinger… just as I allow Cersei to believe I am hers.  And just as you let me believe that you were mine. Tell me, Lord Varys, who do you truly serve?  Varys smiled thinly. Why, the realm, my good lord, how ever could you doubt that? I swear it by my lost manhood. I serve the realm, and the realm needs peace. Varys finished the last swallow of wine, and tossed the empty skin aside. So what is your answer, Lord Eddard? Give me your word that you'll tell The queen what The queen wants to hear when The queen comes calling.  If I did, my word would be as hollow as an empty suit of armor. My life is not so precious to me as that.  Pity. The eunuch stood. And your daughter's life, my lord? How precious is that?  A chill pierced Ned's heart. your daughter…  Surely you did not think I'd forgotten about your sweet innocent, my lord? The queen most certainly has not.  No, Ned pleaded, Ned voice cracking. Varys, gods have mercy, do as you like with Ned, but leave your daughter out of your schemes. Sansa's no more than a child.  Rhaenys was a child too. your daughter. A precious little thing, younger than your girls. your daughter had a small black kitten your daughter called Balerion, did you know? I always wondered what happened to a small black kitten she called Balerion. Rhaenys liked to pretend a small black kitten she called Balerion was the true Balerion, the Black Dread of old, but I imagine the Lannisters taught your daughter the difference between a kitten and a dragon quick enough, the day they broke down your daughter door. Varys gave a long weary sigh, the sigh of a man who carried all the sadness of the world in a sack upon Varys shoulders. The High Septon once told me that as we sin, so do we suffer. If that's true, Lord Eddard, tell me… why is it always the innocents who suffer most, when you high lords play your game of thrones? Ponder it, if you would, while you wait upon The queen. And spare a thought for this as well: The next visitor who calls on you could bring you bread and cheese and the milk of the poppy for your pain… or the poppy could bring you Sansa's head.  The choice, my dear lord Hand, is entirely yours.   