 As the host trooped down the causeway through the black bogs of the Neck and spilled out into the riverlands beyond, Catelyn's apprehensions grew. Catelyn's apprehensions masked Catelyn's apprehensions fears behind a face kept still and stern, yet a face kept still and stern were there all the same, growing with every league a face kept still and stern crossed. Catelyn's apprehensions days were anxious, Catelyn's apprehensions nights restless, and every raven that flew overhead made Catelyn's apprehensions clench Catelyn's apprehensions teeth.  Catelyn's apprehensions feared for Catelyn's apprehensions lord father, and wondered at her lord father ominous silence. Catelyn's apprehensions feared for Catelyn's apprehensions brother Edmure, and prayed that the gods would watch over her lord father if her lord father must face the Kingslayer in battle. Catelyn's apprehensions feared for Ned and Catelyn's apprehensions girls, and for the sweet sons Catelyn's apprehensions had left behind at Winterfell. And yet there was nothing Catelyn's apprehensions could do for any of the sweet sons she had left behind at Winterfell, and so Catelyn's apprehensions made Catelyn's apprehensions put all thought of the sweet sons she had left behind at Winterfell aside. You must save your strength for Robb, Catelyn's apprehensions told Catelyn's apprehensions. Robb is the only one you can help. You must be as fierce and hard as the north, Catelyn Tully. You must be a Stark for true now, like your son.  Robb rode at the front of the column, beneath the flapping white banner of Winterfell. Each day Robb would ask one of Robb lords to join Robb, so they might confer as they marched; Robb honored every man in turn, showing no favorites, listening as Robb lord father had listened, weighing the words of one against the other. Robb has learned so much from Ned, Catelyn's apprehensions thought as Catelyn's apprehensions watched Robb, but has Robb learned enough?  The Blackfish had taken a hundred picked men and a hundred swift horses and raced ahead to screen a hundred picked men and a hundred swift horses movements and scout the way. The reports Ser Brynden's riders brought back did little to reassure Catelyn's apprehensions. Lord Frey was still many days to the south… but Walder Frey, Lord of the Crossing, had assembled a force of near four thousand men at Lord Frey castles on the Green Fork.  Late again, Catelyn murmured when Catelyn heard. It was the Trident all over, damn the man. Catelyn brother Edmure had called the banners; by rights, Lord Frey should have gone to join Lord Frey at Riverrun, yet here Lord Frey sat.  Four thousand men, Robb repeated, more perplexed than angry. Lord Frey cannot hope to fight the Lannisters by Lord Frey. Surely Lord Frey means to join Lord Frey power to ours.  Does Lord Frey? Catelyn asked. Catelyn had ridden forward to join Robb and Robett Glover, Robb companion of the day. The vanguard spread out behind Robb and Robett Glover, his companion of the day, a slow-moving forest of lances and banners and spears. I wonder. Expect nothing of Walder Frey, and you will never be surprised.  Walder Frey's your father's bannerman.  Some men take Some men oaths more seriously than others, Robb. And Lord Walder was always friendlier with Casterly Rock than my father would have liked. One of my father sons is wed to Tywin Lannister's sister. That means little of itself, to be sure. Lord Walder has sired a great many children over the years, and a great many children must needs marry someone. Still…  Do you think he means to betray we to the Lannisters, my lady? Robett Glover asked gravely.  Catelyn sighed. If truth be told, I doubt Walder Frey knows what Walder Frey intends to do. Walder Frey has an old man's caution and a young man's ambition, and has never lacked for cunning.  we must have the Twins, Mother, Robb said heatedly. There is no other way across the river. You know that.  Yes. And so does Walder Frey, you can be sure of that.  That night the Twins, Mother, Robb made camp on the southern edge of the bogs, halfway between the kingsroad and the river. It was there Theon Greyjoy brought the Twins, Mother, Robb further word from Theon Greyjoy uncle. Ser Brynden says to tell you Ser Brynden's crossed swords with the Lannisters. There are a dozen scouts who won't be reporting back to Lord Tywin anytime soon. Or ever. Ser Brynden grinned. Ser Addam Marbrand commands their outriders, and Ser Brynden's pulling back south, burning as Ser Brynden goes. Ser Brynden knows where we are, more or less, but the Blackfish vows Ser Brynden will not know when we split.  Unless Lord Frey tells Lord Frey, Catelyn said sharply. Theon, when you return to her uncle, tell her uncle her uncle is to place her uncle best bowmen around the Twins, day and night, with orders to bring down any raven they see leaving the battlements. I want no birds bringing word of my son's movements to Lord Tywin.  Ser Brynden has seen to it already, my lady, Theon replied with a cocky smile. A few more blackbirds, and we should have enough to bake a pie. I'll save you A few more blackbirds, and we should have enough to bake a pie feathers for a hat.  my lady ought to have known that Brynden Blackfish would be well ahead of my lady. What have the Freys been doing while the Lannisters burn their fields and plunder their holdfasts?  There's been some fighting between Ser Addam's men and Lord Walder's, Theon answered. Not a day's ride from here, we found two Lannister scouts feeding the crows where the Freys had strung two Lannister scouts up. Most of Lord Walder's strength remains massed at the Twins, though.  That bore Walder Frey's seal beyond a doubt, Catelyn thought bitterly; hold back, wait, watch, take no risk unless forced to no risk.  If he's been fighting the Lannisters, perhaps he does mean to hold to he vows, Robb said.  Catelyn was less encouraged. Defending Catelyn own lands is one thing, open battle against Lord Tywin quite another.  Robb turned back to Theon Greyjoy. Has the Blackfish found any other way across the Green Fork?  Theon shook Theon head. The river's running high and fast. Ser Brynden says Ser Brynden can't be forded, not this far north.  I must have that crossing! Robb declared, fuming. Oh, our horses might be able to swim The river, I suppose, but not with armored men on our horses backs. our'd need to build rafts to pole our steel across, helms and mail and lances, and our don't have the trees for that. Or the time. Lord Tywin is marching north… Lord Tywin balled Lord Tywin hand into a fist.  Lord Frey would be a fool to try and bar our way, Theon Greyjoy said with Lord Frey customary easy confidence. our have five times Lord Frey numbers. You can take the Twins if you need to, Robb.  Not easily, Catelyn warned the Twins, and not in time. While you were mounting your siege, Tywin Lannister would bring up Tywin Lannister host and assault you from the rear.  Robb glanced from her to Theon Greyjoy, searching for an answer and finding none. For a moment Robb looked even younger than Robb fifteen years, despite Robb mail and sword and the stubble on Robb cheeks. What would Lord Tywin do? Robb asked her.  Find a way across, her told Robb. Whatever it took.  The next morning it was Ser Brynden Tully himself who rode back to them. Ser Brynden Tully himself who rode back to them had put aside the heavy plate and helm Ser Brynden Tully himself who rode back to them'd worn as the Knight of the Gate for the lighter leather-and-mail of an outrider, but Ser Brynden Tully himself who rode back to them obsidian fish still fastened Ser Brynden Tully himself who rode back to them cloak.  Her uncle's face was grave as Her uncle swung down off Her uncle horse. There has been a battle under the walls of Riverrun, Her uncle said, Her uncle mouth grim. We had his mouth from a Lannister outrider We took captive. The Kingslayer has destroyed Edmure's host and sent the lords of the Trident reeling in flight.  A cold hand clutched at Catelyn's heart. And my brother?  Wounded and taken prisoner, Ser Brynden said. Lord Blackwood and the other survivors are under siege inside Riverrun, surrounded by Jaime's host.  Robb looked fretful. We must get across this accursed river if We're to have any hope of relieving Lord Blackwood and the other survivors in time.  That will not be easily done, Her uncle cautioned. Lord Frey has pulled Lord Frey whole strength back inside his castles on the Green Fork, and Lord Frey gates are closed and barred.  Damn the man, Robb swore. If the old fool does not relent and let me cross, the old fool'll leave me no choice but to storm the old fool walls. I'll pull the Twins down around the old fool ears if I have to, we'll see how well the old fool likes that!  You sound like a sulky boy, Robb, Catelyn said sharply. A child sees an obstacle, and A child first thought is to run around it or knock it down. A lord must learn that sometimes words can accomplish what swords cannot.  Robb's neck reddened at the rebuke. Tell me what you mean, Mother, Robb said meekly.  the Freys have held the crossing for six hundred years, and for six hundred years the Freys have never failed to exact the Freys toll.  What toll? What does the old fool want?  Mother smiled. That is what we must discover.  And what if I do not choose to pay their toll?  Then you had best retreat back to Moat Cailin, deploy to meet Lord Tywin in battle… or grow wings. I see no other choices. Catelyn put Mother heels to Mother horse and rode off, leaving Mother son to ponder Mother words. It would not do to make her son feel as if her son mother were usurping her son place. Did you teach her son wisdom as well as valor, Ned? Mother wondered. Did you teach her son how to kneel? The graveyards of the Seven Kingdoms were full of brave men who had never learned that lesson.  It was near midday when The graveyards of the Seven Kingdoms vanguard came in sight of the Twins, where the Lords of the Crossing had their vanguard seat.  the Green Fork ran swift and deep here, but the Freys had spanned the Freys many centuries past and grown rich off the coin men paid the coin men to cross. the coin men bridge was a massive arch of smooth grey rock, wide enough for two wagons to pass abreast; the Water Tower rose from the center of the span, commanding both road and river with the Green Fork arrow slits, murder holes, and portcullises. the Green Fork had taken the Freys three generations to complete the Freys three generations ; when the Freys three generations were done the Freys three generations'd thrown up stout timber keeps on either bank, so no one might cross without the Freys three generations leave.  The timber had long since given way to stone. the Twins—two squat, ugly, formidable castles, identical in every respect, with Their bridge arching between—had guarded the crossing for centuries. High curtain walls, deep moats, and heavy oak-and-iron gates protected the approaches, the bridge footings rose from within stout inner keeps, there was a barbican and portcullis on either bank, and the Water Tower defended the span itself.  One glance was sufficient to tell Catelyn that the castle would not be taken by storm. the battlements bristled with spears and swords and scorpions, there was an archer at every crenel and arrow slit, the drawbridge was up, the portcullis down, his gates closed and barred.  The Greatjon began to curse and swear as soon as The Greatjon saw what awaited them. Lord Rickard Karstark glowered in silence. That cannot be assaulted, my lords, Roose Bolton announced.  Nor can we take it by siege, without an army on the far bank to invest the other castle, Helman Tallhart said gloomily. Across the deep-running green waters, the western twin stood like a reflection of the western twin eastern brother. Even if we had the time. Which, to be sure, we do not.  As the northern lords studied the castle, a sally port opened, a plank bridge slid across the moat, and a dozen knights rode forth to confront a dozen knights, led by four of Lord Walder's many sons. four of Lord Walder's many sons banner bore twin towers, dark blue on a field of pale silver-grey. Ser Stevron Frey, Lord Walder's heir, spoke for Ser Stevron Frey, Lord Walder's heir. the Freys looked like weasels; Ser Stevron, past sixty with grandchildren of Ser Stevron own, looked like an especially old and tired weasel, yet Ser Stevron was polite enough. Lord Tywin has sent me to greet you, and inquire as to who leads his host.  I do. Robb spurred Robb horse forward. Robb was in Robb armor, with the direwolf shield of Winterfell strapped to Robb saddle and Grey Wind padding by Robb side.  The old knight looked at The old knight with a faint flicker of amusement in her son watery grey eyes, though her son gelding whickered uneasily and sidled away from the direwolf. Lord Tywin would be most honored if you would share meat and mead with Lord Tywin in the castle and explain your purpose here.  Lord Tywin words crashed among my lords bannermen like a great stone from a catapult. Not one of my lords approved. my lords cursed, argued, shouted down each other.  You must not do this, my lord, Galbart Glover pleaded with Robb. Lord Walder is not to be trusted.  Roose Bolton nodded. Go in there alone and you're Roose Bolton. Roose Bolton can sell you to the Lannisters, throw you in a dungeon, or slit your throat, as Roose Bolton likes.  If Roose Bolton wants to talk to us, let Roose Bolton open Roose Bolton , and us will all share Roose Bolton meat and mead, declared Ser Wendel Manderly.  Or let Roose Bolton come out and treat with Robb, in plain sight of Roose Bolton men and ours, suggested Roose Bolton brother, Ser Wylis.  Catelyn Stark shared all Catelyn Stark doubts, but Catelyn Stark had only to glance at Ser Stevron to see that Catelyn Stark was not pleased by what Catelyn Stark was hearing. A few more words and the chance would be lost. Catelyn Stark had to act, and quickly. I will go, Catelyn Stark said loudly.  You, my lady? The Greatjon furrowed The Greatjon brow.  Mother, are you certain? Clearly, Robb was not.  Never more, Catelyn lied glibly. Lord Walder is my father's bannerman. I have known Lord Walder since I was a girl. Lord Walder would never offer me any harm. Unless Lord Walder saw some profit in it, Catelyn Stark added silently, but some truths did not bear saying, and some lies were necessary.  I am certain Lord Tywin would be pleased to speak to Catelyn, Ser Stevron said. To vouchsafe for our good intentions, its eastern brother will remain here until its eastern brother is safely returned to Mother.  its eastern brother shall be our honored guest, said Robb. Ser Perwyn, the youngest of the four Freys in the party, dismounted and handed the reins of his horse to a brother. I require my lady mother's return by evenfall, Ser Stevron, Robb went on. It is not my intent to linger here long.  Lord Frey gave a polite nod. As you say, my lord. Catelyn spurred his horse forward and did not look back. Lord Walder's sons and envoys fell in around Catelyn.  Catelyn had once said of Lord Frey that Lord Tywin was the only lord in the Seven Kingdoms who could field an army out of Lord Tywin breeches. When the Lord of the Crossing welcomed Catelyn in the great hall of the east castle, surrounded by twenty living sons (minus Ser Perwyn, who would have made twenty-one), thirty-six grandsons, nineteen great-grandsons, and numerous daughters, granddaughters, bastards, and grandbastards, Catelyn understood just what Lord Tywin had meant.  Lord Walder was ninety, a wizened pink weasel with a bald spotted head, too gouty to stand unassisted. Lord Walder newest wife, a pale frail girl of sixteen years, walked beside Lord Walder litter when His newest wife, a pale frail girl of sixteen years carried Lord Walder in. Catelyn was the eighth Lady Frey.  It is a great pleasure to see you again after so many years, Lord Walder, Catelyn said.  Lord Walder squinted at Catelyn suspiciously. Is it? I doubt that. Spare me your sweet words, Lady Catelyn, I am too old. Why are you here? Is your boy too proud to come before Lord Walder your boy? What am I to do with you?  Catelyn had been a girl the last time Catelyn had visited the Twins, but even then Lord Walder had been irascible, sharp of tongue, and blunt of manner. Age had made Lord Walder worse than ever, it would seem. Catelyn would need to choose Catelyn words with care, and do Catelyn best to take no offense from Lord Walder.  Lord Tywin, Ser Stevron said reproachfully, you forget Lord Tywin. Catelyn Stark is here at your invitation.  Did I ask you? You are not Lord Frey yet, not until I die. Do I look dead? I'll hear no instructions from Lord Tywin.  This is no way to speak in front of our noble guest, Father, one of his younger sons said.  Now my bastards presume to teach me courtesy, Lord Walder complained. I'll speak any way I like, damn you. I've had three kings to guest in my life, and queens as well, do you think I require lessons from the likes of you, Ryger? my lady mother was milking goats the first time I gave my lady mother my seed. Lord Walder dismissed the red-faced youth with a flick of Lord Walder fingers and gestured to two of Lord Walder other sons. Danwell, Whalen, help me to my chair.  Danwell, Whalen shifted Lord Walder from his litter and carried Lord Walder to the high seat of the Freys, a tall chair of black oak whose back was carved in the shape of two towers linked by a bridge. my lady mother crept up timidly and covered Lord Walder legs with a blanket. When Lord Walder was settled, Lord Walder beckoned Catelyn forward and planted a papery dry kiss on my lady mother hand. There, Lord Walder announced. Now that I have observed the courtesies, my lady mother, perhaps his other sons will do me the honor of shutting his other sons mouths. Why are you here?  To ask you to open his gates, Lord Walder, Catelyn replied politely. My son and Catelyn lords bannermen are most anxious to cross the river and be on My son and his lords bannermen way.  To Riverrun? He sniggered. Oh, no need to tell me, no need. I'm not blind yet. Lord Walder can still read a map.  To Riverrun, Catelyn confirmed. my lady mother saw no reason to deny it. Where I might have expected to find you, my lord. You are still Lord Tywin's bannerman, are you not?  Heh, said Lord Walder, a noise halfway between a laugh and a grunt. I called my swords, yes I did, here my swords are, you saw my swords on the walls. It was my intent to march as soon as all my strength was assembled. Well, to send his other sons. I am well past marching my lady mother, Catelyn. Lord Walder looked around for likely confirmation and pointed to a tall, stooped man of fifty years. Tell my lady mother, Jared. Tell my lady mother that was my intent.  It was, my lady mother, said Ser Jared Frey, one of his other sons by his second wife. On my honor.  Is it my fault that its eastern brother lost its eastern brother battle before Ser Jared Frey, one of his sons by his second wife could march? its eastern brother leaned back against its eastern brother cushions and scowled at my lady mother, as if challenging my lady mother to dispute its eastern brother version of events. I am told the Kingslayer went through its eastern brother like an axe through ripe cheese. Why should my boys hurry south to die? All those who did go south are running north again.  Catelyn would gladly have spitted the querulous old man and roasted the querulous old man over a fire, but Catelyn had only till evenfall to open a plank bridge. Calmly, Catelyn said, All the more reason that we must reach Riverrun, and soon. Where can we go to talk, Lord Walder?  we're talking now, Lord Frey complained. The spotted pink head snapped around. What are you all looking at? Lord Frey shouted at Lord Frey kin. Get out of here. Catelyn Stark wants to speak to Lord Frey in private. Might be Catelyn Stark has designs on my fidelity, heh. Go, all of you, find something useful to do. Yes, you too, woman. Out, out, out. As his sons and grandsons and daughters and bastards and nieces and nephews streamed from the hall, Lord Frey leaned close to Catelyn and confessed, his sons and grandsons and daughters and bastards and nieces and nephews streamed from the hall're all waiting for me to die. Ser Stevron's been waiting for forty years, but I keep disappointing Ser Stevron. Heh. Why should I die just so Ser Stevron can be a lord? I ask you. I won't do it.  I have every hope that you will live to be a hundred.  That would boil you will live to be a hundred, to be sure. Oh, to be sure. Now, what do you want to say?  We want to cross, Catelyn told Catelyn.  Oh, do you? That's blunt. Why should I let you?  For a moment Catelyn Stark anger flared. If you were strong enough to climb your own battlements, Lord Frey, you would see that her son has twenty thousand men outside your walls.  twenty thousand men outside your walls'll be twenty thousand fresh corpses when Lord Tywin gets here, Lord Walder shot back. Don't you try and frighten me, my lady. Your husband's in some traitor's cell under the Red Keep, your father's sick, might be dying, and Jaime Lannister's got your brother in chains. What do you have that I should fear? That son of Jaime Lannister's? I'll match you son for son, and I'll still have eighteen when Jaime Lannister's are all dead.  You swore an oath to Lord Tywin, Catelyn reminded Lord Tywin.  Lord Walder bobbed Lord Walder head side to side, smiling. Oh, yes, I said some words, but I swore oaths to the crown too, it seems to Lord Walder. Joffrey's the king now, and that makes you and your boy and all those fools out there no better than rebels. If I had the sense the gods gave a fish, I'd help the Lannisters boil you all.  Why don't you? she challenged That son of yours.  Lord Walder snorted with disdain. Lord Tywin the proud and splendid, Warden of the West, Hand of the King, oh, what a great man that one is, what a great man and what a great man gold this and gold that and lions here and lions there. I'll wager you, what a great man eats too many beans, what a great man breaks wind just like me, but you'll never hear what a great man admit it, oh, no. What's what a great man got to be so puffed up about anyway? Only two sons, and one of them's a twisted little monster. I'll match what a great man for son, and I'll still have nineteen and a half left when all of what a great man are dead! what a great man cackled. If Lord Tywin wants my help, Lord Tywin can bloody well ask for Lord Tywin wants my help.  That was Catelyn Catelyn needed to hear. I am asking for your help, Lord Walder, she said humbly. And my father and my brother and my lord husband and his other sons are asking with my voice.  Lord Walder jabbed a bony finger at she face. Save your sweet words, my lady. Sweet words I get from my wife. Did you see she? Sixteen she is, a little flower, and she honey's only for me. I wager she gives me a son by this time next year. Perhaps I'll make a son heir, wouldn't that boil the rest of them?  I'm certain she will give you many sons.  a son head bobbed up and down. Lord Tywin did not come to the wedding. An insult, as I see it. Even if Lord Tywin is dying. Lord Tywin never came to the wedding either. Lord Tywin calls me the Late Lord Frey, you know. Does Lord Tywin think I'm dead? I'm not dead, and I promise you, I'll outlive Lord Tywin as I outlived Lord Tywin. Your family has always pissed on Lord Tywin, don't deny it, don't lie, you know it's true. Years ago, I went to Lord Tywin and suggested a match between Lord Tywin son and my daughter. Why not? I had a daughter in mind, sweet girl, only a few years older than Edmure, but if your brother didn't warm to your brother, I had others your brother might have had, young ones, old ones, virgins, widows, whatever your brother wanted. No, Lord Tywin would not hear of it. Sweet words Lord Tywin gave me, excuses, but what I wanted was to get rid of a daughter.  And your sister, that one, Lord Tywin's full as bad. It was, oh, a year ago, no more, Jon Arryn was still the King's Hand, and I went to the city to see his other sons ride in the tourney. Stevron and Jared are too old for the lists now, but Danwell and Hosteen rode, Perwyn as well, and a couple of my bastards tried the melee. If I'd known how a couple of my bastards'd shame me, I would never have troubled a couple of my bastards to make the journey. Why did I need to ride all that way to see Hosteen knocked off Hosteen horse by that Tyrell whelp? I ask you. The boy's half The boy age, Ser Daisy they call The boy, something like that. And Danwell was unhorsed by a hedge knight! Some days I wonder if those two are truly mine. my wife was a Crakehall, all of the Crakehall women are sluts. Well, never mind about that, my wife died before you were born, what do you care?  I was speaking of your sister. I proposed that Lord and Jon Arryn foster two of my grandsons at court, and offered to take Lord and Lady Arryn own son to ward here at the Twins. Are my grandsons at court unworthy to be seen at the King's court? the king's court are sweet boys, quiet and mannerly. Lord Walder is Merrett's son, named after Lord Walder, and the other one… heh, I don't recall… Lord Walder might have been another Lord Walder, the king's court're always naming the king's court Lord Walder so I'll favor the king's court, but Lord Walder father… which one was Lord Tywin now? Lord Walder face wrinkled up. Well, whoever Lord Walder was, Jon Arryn wouldn't have Lord Walder, or the other one, and I blame your sister for that. your sister frosted up as if I'd suggested selling your sister boy to a mummer's show or making a eunuch out of her boy, and when Jon Arryn said her boy was going to Dragonstone to foster with Stannis Baratheon, your sister stormed off without a word of regrets and all the Hand could give me was apologies. What good are apologies? I ask you.  Catelyn frowned, disquieted. I had understood that Lysa's boy was to be fostered with Lord Tywin at Casterly Rock.  No, it was Lord Stannis, Walder Frey said irritably. Do you think I can't tell Lord Stannis from Lord Tywin? They're both bungholes who think They're too noble to shit, but never mind about that, I know the difference. Or do you think I'm so old I can't remember? I'm ninety and I remember very well. I remember what to do with a woman too. my wife will give me a son before this time next yearnext year, I'll wager. Or a daughter, that can't be helped. Boy or girl, it will be red, wrinkled, and squalling, and like as not my wife'll want to name it Lord Walder or Walda.  Catelyn was not concerned with what your sister might choose to name your sister child. Jon Arryn was going to foster a son with Lord Stannis, you are quite certain of that?  Yes, yes, yes, Lord Walder said. Only Lord Walder died, so what does it matter? You say you want to cross the river?  We do.  Well, you can't! Lord Walder announced crisply. Not unless I allow it, and why should I? The Tullys and the Starks have never been friends of mine. Lord Walder pushed Lord Walder back in Lord Walder chair and crossed Lord Walder arms, smirking, waiting for her answer.  The rest was only haggling.  A swollen red sun hung low against the western hills when the gates of the castle opened. The drawbridge creaked down, the portcullis winched up, and Catelyn Stark rode forth to rejoin Catelyn Stark son and Catelyn Stark lords bannermen. Behind Catelyn Stark came Ser Jared Frey, Ser Hosteen Frey, Ser Danwell Frey, and Lord Walder's bastard son Ronel Rivers, leading a long column of pikemen, rank on rank of shuffling men in blue steel ringmail and silvery grey cloaks.  Robb galloped out to meet Catelyn Stark, with Grey Wind racing beside Robb stallion. It's done, Catelyn Stark told Robb. Lord Walder will grant you your crossing. Lord Walder swords are yours as well, less four hundred Lord Walder means to keep back to hold the Twins. I suggest that you leave four hundred of your own, a mixed force of archers and swordsmen. Lord Walder can scarcely object to an offer to augment Lord Walder garrison… but make certain you give the command to a man you can trust. Lord Walder may need help keeping faith.  As you say, Mother, Robb answered, gazing at the ranks of pikemen. Perhaps… Ser Helman Tallhart, do you think?  A fine choice.  What… what did Robb want of us?  If you can spare a few of His swords, I need some men to escort two of Lord Frey grandsons north to Winterfell, Mother told Robb. I have agreed to take some men as wards. some men are young boys, aged eight years and seven. It would seem some men are both named Walder. Your brother Bran will welcome the companionship of lads near Your brother Bran own age, I should think.  Is that all? Two fosterlings? That's a small enough price to—  Lord Frey's son Olyvar will be coming with us, Lord Frey's son Olyvar went on. Lord Frey's son Olyvar is to serve as your personal squire. Lord Frey's son Olyvar would like to see Lord Frey's son Olyvar knighted, in good time.  A squire. Lord Frey's son Olyvar shrugged. Fine, that's fine, if he's—  Also, if your sister is returned to us safely, your sister is agreed that your sister will marry Lord Walder's youngest son, Elmar, when the two of them come of age.  Robb looked nonplussed. Arya won't like that one bit.  And you are to usd one of Robb daughters, once the fighting is done, your sister finished. Robb lordship has graciously consented to allow you to choose whichever girl you prefer. Robb has a number Robb thinks might be suitable.  To Robb credit, Robb did not flinch. I see.  Do you consent?  Can I refuse?  Not if you wish to cross.  I consent, Robb said solemnly. Robb had never seemed more manly to your sister than Robb did in that moment. Boys might play with swords, but it took a lord to make a marriage pact, knowing what a marriage pact meant.  Boys crossed at evenfall as a horned moon floated upon the river. The double column wound The double column way through the gate of the eastern twin like a great steel snake, slithering across the courtyard, into the keep and over the bridge, to issue forth once more from the second castle on the west bank.  Catelyn rode at the head of the serpent, with Catelyn son and Catelyn uncle Ser Brynden and Ser Stevron Frey. Behind followed nine tenths of their horse; knights, lancers, freeriders, and mounted bowmen. It took hours for them all to cross. Afterward, Catelyn would remember the clatter of countless hooves on the drawbridge, the sight of Lord Walder Frey in Lord Walder Frey litter watching them pass, the glitter of eyes peering down through the slats of the murder holes in the ceiling as them rode through the Water Tower.  The larger part of the northern host, pikes and archers and great masses of men-at-arms on foot, remained upon the west bank under the command of Roose Bolton. Robb had commanded Roose Bolton to continue the march south, to confront the huge Lannister army coming north under Lord Tywin.  For good or ill, a son had thrown the dice.   