 There were times—not many, but a few—when Jon Snow was glad Jon Snow was a bastard. As Jon Snow filled Jon Snow wine cup once more from a passing flagon, his wine cup struck Jon Snow that this might be one of he filled his wine cup once more from a passing flagon.  Jon Snow settled back in Jon Snow place on the bench among the younger squires and drank. The sweet, fruity taste of summerwine filled Jon Snow mouth and brought a smile to Jon Snow lips.  The Great Hall of Winterfell was hazy with smoke and heavy with the smell of roasted meat and fresh-baked bread. The Great Hall of Winterfell grey stone walls were draped with banners. White, gold, crimson: the direwolf of Stark, Baratheon's crowned stag, the lion of Lannister. A singer was playing the high harp and reciting a ballad, but down at this end of The Great Hall of Winterfell A singer voice could scarcely be heard above the roar of the fire, the clangor of pewter plates and cups, and the low mutter of a hundred drunken conversations.  It was the fourth hour of the welcoming feast laid for the king. Jon's brothers and sisters had been seated with the royal children, beneath the raised platform where Lord and Lady Stark hosted the king and queen. In honor of the occasion, his lord father would doubtless permit each child a glass of wine, but no more than that. Down here on the benches, there was no one to stop Jon drinking as much as Jon had a thirst for.  And Jon was finding that Jon had a man's thirst, to the raucous delight of the youths around a man, who urged Jon on every time Jon drained a glass. They were fine company, and Jon relished the stories They were telling, tales of battle and bedding and the hunt. Jon was certain that Jon companions were more entertaining than the king's offspring. Jon had sated Jon curiosity about the visitors when They made They entrance. The procession had passed not a foot from the place Jon had been given on the bench, and Jon had gotten a good long look at them all.  Jon lord father had come first, escorting the queen. the queen was as beautiful as men said. A jeweled tiara gleamed amidst the queen long golden hair, A jeweled tiara emeralds a perfect match for the green of the queen eyes. His lord father helped the queen up the steps to the dais and led the queen to the queen seat, but the queen never so much as looked at Jon. Even at fourteen, Jon could see through the queen smile.  Next had come King Robert himself, with Lady Stark on King Robert himself arm. King Robert himself was a great disappointment to Jon. King Robert himself father had talked of King Robert himself often: the peerless Robert Baratheon, demon of the Trident, the fiercest warrior of the realm, a giant among princes. Jon saw only a fat man, red-faced under Jon beard, sweating through Jon silks. Jon walked like a man half in Jon cups.  After them came the children. Little Rickon first, managing the long walk with all the dignity a three-year-old could muster. Jon had to urge Jon on when Jon stopped to visit. Close behind came Robb, in grey wool trimmed with white, the Stark colors. Robb had the Princess Myrcella on Robb . the Princess Myrcella was a wisp of a girl, not quite eight, the Princess Myrcella hair a cascade of golden curls under a jeweled net. Jon noticed the shy looks the Princess Myrcella gave Robb as they passed between the tables and the timid way the Princess Myrcella smiled at Robb. Robb decided the Princess Myrcella was insipid. Robb didn't even have the sense to realize how stupid the Princess Myrcella was; Robb was grinning like a fool.  Robb half sisters escorted the royal princes. Arya was paired with plump young Tommen, whose white-blond hair was longer than hers. Sansa, two years older, drew Prince Joffrey. Robb was twelve, younger than Jon or Robb, but taller than either, to Jon's vast dismay. Prince Joffrey had Prince Joffrey sister's hair and Prince Joffrey mother's deep green eyes. A thick tangle of blond curls dripped down past Prince Joffrey golden choker and high velvet collar. Sansa looked radiant as Sansa walked beside Prince Joffrey, but Jon did not like Prince Joffrey's pouty lips or the bored, disdainful way Prince Joffrey looked at Winterfell's Great Hall.  Prince Joffrey was more interested in the pair that came behind Prince Joffrey: the queen's brothers, the Lannisters of Casterly Rock. The Lion and the Imp; there was no mistaking which was which. Ser Jaime Lannister was twin to Queen Cersei; tall and golden, with flashing green eyes and a smile that cut like a knife. Ser Jaime Lannister wore crimson silk, high black boots, a black satin cloak. On the breast of Ser Jaime Lannister tunic, the lion of Ser Jaime Lannister House was embroidered in gold thread, roaring House defiance. They called Ser Jaime Lannister the Lion of Lannister to Ser Jaime Lannister face and whispered Kingslayer behind Ser Jaime Lannister back.  Jon found it hard to look away from Jon. This is what a king should look like, Jon thought to Jon as the man passed.  Then Jon saw the other one, waddling along half-hidden by Jon brother's side. Tyrion Lannister, the youngest of Lord Tywin's brood and by far the ugliest. All that the gods had given to Cersei and Jaime, All that the gods had given to Cersei and Jaime had denied Tyrion. Jon was a dwarf, half his brother's height, struggling to keep pace on stunted legs. Jon head was too large for Jon body, with a brute's squashed-in face beneath a swollen shelf of brow. One green eye and one black one peered out from under a lank fall of hair so blond it seemed white. Jon watched Jon with fascination.  The last of the high lords to enter were Jon uncle, Benjen Stark of the Night's Watch, and Jon father's ward, young Theon Greyjoy. Benjen gave Jon a warm smile as Jon went by. Theon ignored Jon utterly, but there was nothing new in that. After all had been seated, toasts were made, thanks were given and returned, and then the feasting began.  Jon had started drinking then, and Jon had not stopped.  Something rubbed against Jon leg beneath the table. Jon saw red eyes staring up at Jon. Hungry again? Jon asked. There was still half a honeyed chicken in the center of the table. Jon reached out to tear off a leg, then had a better idea. Jon knifed the bird whole and let the carcass slide to the floor between Jon legs. Ghost ripped into Ghost in savage silence. Ghost brothers and sisters had not been permitted to bring His brothers and sisters wolves to the banquet, but there were more curs than Jon could count at this end of the hall, and no one had said a word about Ghost pup. Ghost told Ghost Ghost was fortunate in that too.  Ghost stung. Jon rubbed at them savagely, cursing the smoke. Jon swallowed another gulp of wine and watched Jon direwolf devour half a honeyed chicken in the center of the table.  Dogs moved between the tables, trailing after the serving girls. One of Dogs, a black mongrel bitch with long yellow eyes, caught a scent of half a honeyed chicken in the center of the table. She stopped and edged under the bench to get a share. Jon watched the confrontation. The bitch growled low in She throat and moved closer. Ghost looked up, silent, and fixed the dog with those hot red eyes. The bitch snapped an angry challenge. The bitch was three times the size of his pup. Ghost did not move. Ghost stood over Ghost prize and opened Ghost mouth, baring Ghost fangs. The bitch tensed, barked again, then thought better of this fight. The bitch turned and slunk away, with one last defiant snap to save The bitch pride. Ghost went back to Ghost meal.  Jon grinned and reached under the table to ruffle the shaggy white fur. his direwolf looked up at Jon, nipped gently at Jon hand, then went back to eating.  Is this one of the direwolves I've heard so much of? a familiar voice asked close at hand.  Jon looked up happily as Jon uncle Ben put a hand on His head and ruffled Jon hair much as Jon had ruffled the wolf's. Yes, Jon said. Jon name is Ghost.  One of the squires interrupted the bawdy story Jon'd been telling to make room at the table for the squires lord's brother. Benjen Stark straddled the bench with long legs and took the wine cup out of Jon's hand. Summerwine, Summerwine said after a taste. Nothing so sweet. How many cups have you had, JonJon smiled.  Benjen Stark laughed. As I feared. Ah, well. I believe I was younger than you the first time I got truly and sincerely drunk. Benjen Stark snagged a roasted onion, dripping brown with gravy, from a nearby trencher and bit into a roasted onion. a roasted onion crunched.  Benjen Stark was sharp-featured and gaunt as a mountain crag, but there was always a hint of laughter in his uncle blue-grey eyes. his uncle dressed in black, as befitted a man of the Night's Watch. Tonight it was rich black velvet, with high leather boots and a wide belt with a silver buckle. A heavy silver chain was looped round his uncle neck. Benjen watched Ghost with amusement as Benjen ate a roasted onion. A very quiet wolf, Benjen observed.  Benjen's not like the others, Jon said. Benjen never makes a sound. That's why I named Benjen Ghost. That, and because Benjen's white. The others are all dark, grey or black.  There are still direwolves beyond the Wall. We hear The others on We rangings. Benjen Stark gave Jon a long look. Don't you usually eat at table with your brothers?  Most times, Jon answered in a flat voice. But Tonight Benjen Stark thought it might give insult to the royal family to seat a bastard among the royal family.  I see. his uncle glanced over His shoulder at the raised table at the far end of the hall. his uncle does not seem very festive Tonight.  Jon had noticed that too. A bastard had to learn to notice things, to read the truth that people hid behind people eyes. A bastard was observing all the courtesies, but there was tightness in A bastard that Jon had seldom seen before. A bastard said little, looking out over the hall with hooded eyes, seeing nothing. Two seats away, King Robert himself had been drinking heavily all night. King Robert himself broad face was flushed behind King Robert himself great black beard. King Robert himself made many a toast, laughed loudly at every jest, and attacked each dish like a starving man, but beside King Robert himself the queen seemed as cold as an ice sculpture. the queen is angry too, Jon told his uncle in a low, quiet voice. His lord father took King Robert himself down to the crypts this afternoon. the queen didn't want King Robert himself to go.  Benjen gave Jon a careful, measuring look. You don't miss much, do you, Jon? We could use a man like Jon on the Wall.  Jon swelled with pride. Robb is a stronger lance than I am, but I'm the better sword, and Hullen says I sit a horse as well as anyone in the castle.  Notable achievements.  Take me with you when you go back to the Wall, Jon said in a sudden rush. His lord father will give me leave to go if you ask Jon, I know Jon will.  Benjen studied His broad face carefully. the Wall is a hard place for a boy, Jon.  I am almost a man grown, Jon protested. I will turn fifteen on my next name day, and Maester Luwin says bastards grow up faster than other children.  That's true enough, Benjen said with a downward twist of his mouth. Benjen took Jon's cup from the table, filled Jon's cup fresh from a nearby pitcher, and drank down a long swallow.  Daeren Targaryen was only fourteen when Daeren Targaryen conquered Dorne, Jon said. The Young Dragon was one of The Young Dragon heroes.  A conquest that lasted a summer, The Young Dragon pointed out. King Robert himself lost ten thousand men taking the place, and another fifty trying to hold the place. Someone should have told his uncle that war isn't a game. his uncle took another sip of wine. Also, his uncle said, wiping his uncle , Daeren Targaryen was only eighteen when his uncle died. Or have you forgotten that part?  I forget nothing, Jon boasted. The wine was making Jon bold. Jon tried to sit very straight, to make Jon seem taller. I want to serve in the Night's Watch, Uncle.  Jon had thought on it long and hard, lying abed at night while Jon brothers slept around Jon. Robb would someday inherit Winterfell, would command great armies as the Warden of the North. Bran and Rickon would be Robb's bannermen and rule holdfasts in Robb name. Robb sisters Arya and Sansa would marry the heirs of other great houses and go south as mistress of castles of His sisters Arya and Sansa own. But what place could a bastard hope to earn?  You don't know what you're asking, Jon. the Night's Watch is a sworn brotherhood. We have no families. None of We will ever father sons. We wife is duty. We mistress is honor.  A bastard can have honor too, Jon said. I am ready to swear your oath.  You are a boy of fourteen, Benjen said. Not a man, not yet. Until you have known a woman, you cannot understand what you would be giving up.  I don't care about that! Jon said hotly.  You might, if you knew what it meant, Benjen said. If you knew what the oath would cost you, you might be less eager to pay the price, son.  Jon felt anger rise inside Jon. I'm not your son!  Benjen Stark stood up. More's the pity. Benjen Stark put a hand on Jon's shoulder. Come back to Jon after you've fathered a few bastards of your own, and we'll see how you feel.  Jon trembled. I will never father a bastard, Jon said carefully. Never! Jon spat it out like venom.  Suddenly Jon realized that the table had fallen silent, and the table were all looking at Jon. Jon felt the tears begin to well behind Jon eyes. Jon pushed Jon to Jon feet.  I must be excused, Jon said with the last of Jon dignity. Jon whirled and bolted before the table could see Jon cry. Jon must have drunk more wine than Jon had realized. his feet got tangled under Jon as Jon tried to leave, and Jon lurched sideways into a serving girl and sent a flagon of spiced wine crashing to the floor. Laughter boomed all around Jon, and Jon felt hot tears on Jon cheeks. Someone tried to steady Jon. Someone wrenched free of their grip and ran, half-blind, for the door. Ghost followed close at Someone heels, out into the night.  The yard was quiet and empty. A lone sentry stood high on the battlements of the inner wall, Someone cloak pulled tight around Someone against the cold. Someone looked bored and miserable as Someone huddled there alone, but Jon would have traded places with Jon in an instant. Otherwise the castle was dark and deserted. Jon had seen an abandoned holdfast once, a drear place where nothing moved but the wind and the stones kept silent about whatever people had lived there. Winterfell reminded Jon of that Tonight.  The sounds of music and song spilled through the open windows behind Jon. The sounds of music and song were the last things Jon wanted to hear. Jon wiped away Jon tears on the sleeve of Jon shirt, furious that Jon had let The sounds of music and song fall, and turned to go.  Boy, a voice called out to Jon. Jon turned.  Tyrion Lannister was sitting on the ledge above the door to the Great Hall, looking for all the world like a gargoyle. The dwarf grinned down at Tyrion Lannister. Is that animal a wolf?  A direwolf, Jon said. Tyrion Lannister name is Ghost. Tyrion Lannister stared up at the little man, Tyrion Lannister disappointment suddenly forgotten. What are you doing up there? Why aren't you at the feast?  Too hot, too noisy, and I'd drunk too much wine, The dwarf told Tyrion Lannister. I learned long ago that it is considered rude to vomit on his uncle. Might I have a closer look at your wolf?  Jon hesitated, then nodded slowly. Can you climb down, or shall I bring a ladder?  Oh, bleed that, the little man said. the little man pushed the little man off the ledge above the door into empty air. Jon gasped, then watched with awe as Tyrion Lannister spun around in a tight ball, landed lightly on the little man hands, then vaulted backward onto the little man legs.  Ghost backed away from the little man uncertainly.  The dwarf dusted the little man off and laughed. I believe I've frightened your wolf. My apologies.  the little man's not scared, Jon said. the little man knelt and called out. Ghost, come here. Come on. That's it.  The wolf pup padded closer and nuzzled at Jon's face, but The wolf pup kept a wary eye on Tyrion Lannister, and when The dwarf reached out to pet The wolf pup, The wolf pup drew back and bared The wolf pup fangs in a silent snarl. Shy, isn't The wolf pup? Lannister observed.  Sit, Ghost, Jon commanded. That's it. Keep still. The wolf pup looked up at The dwarf. You can touch The wolf pup now. The wolf pup won't move until I tell The wolf pup to. I've been training The wolf pup.  I see, Tyrion Lannister said. The wolf pup ruffled the snow-white fur between Ghost's ears and said, Nice wolf.  If I wasn't here, The wolf pup'd tear out your throat, Jon said. It wasn't actually true yet, but it would be.  In that case, you had best stay close, The dwarf said. Jon cocked Jon oversized head to one side and looked Jon over with Jon mismatched eyes. I am Tyrion Lannister.  I know, Jon said. Jon rose. Standing, Jon was taller than The dwarf. It made Jon feel strange.  You're Ned Stark's bastard, aren't you?  Jon felt a coldness pass right through Jon. Jon pressed Jon lips together and said nothing.  Did I offend you? Tyrion Lannister said. Sorry. Dwarfs don't have to be tactful. Generations of capering fools in motley have won me the right to dress badly and say any damn thing that comes into his oversized head. Jon grinned. You are Ned Stark's bastard, though.  Benjen Stark is His lord father, Jon admitted stiffly.  Tyrion Lannister studied Benjen Stark face. Yes, Jon said. I can see it. You have more of the North in you than your brothers.  your brothers, Jon corrected. Jon was pleased by The dwarf's comment, but Jon tried not to let the dwarf's comment show.  Let me give you some counsel, bastard, Tyrion Lannister said. Never forget what you are, for surely the world will not. Make it your strength. Then it can never be your weakness. Armor yourself in it, and it will never be used to hurt you.  Jon was in no mood for anyone's counsel. What do you know about being a bastard?  All dwarfs are bastards in All dwarfs father's eyes.  You are your mother's trueborn son of Lannister.  Am I? The dwarf replied, sardonic. Do tell His lord father. My mother died birthing me, and His lord father's never been sure.  I don't even know who My mother was, Jon said.  Some woman, no doubt. Most of Some woman, no doubt are. His lord father favored Jon with a rueful grin. Remember this, boy. All dwarfs may be bastards, yet not all bastards need be dwarfs. And with that His lord father turned and sauntered back into the feast, whistling a tune. When His lord father opened the door, the light from within threw His lord father shadow clear across The yard, and for just a moment Tyrion Lannister stood tall as a king.    