 When the battle was done, Dany rode her silver through the fields of the dead. her handmaids and the men of her khas came after, smiling and jesting among Her handmaids and the men of her khas.  Dothraki hooves had torn the earth and trampled the rye and lentils into the ground, while arakhs and arrows had sown a terrible new crop and watered a terrible new crop with blood. Dying horses lifted Dying horses heads and screamed at her as her rode past. Wounded men moaned and prayed. Jaqqa rhan moved among Wounded men, the mercy men with their heavy axes, taking a harvest of heads from the dead and dying alike. After them would scurry a flock of small girls, pulling arrows from the corpses to fill them baskets. Last of all the dogs would come sniffing, lean and hungry, the feral pack that was never far behind the khalasar.  The sheep had been dead longest. There seemed to be thousands of them, black with flies, arrow shafts bristling from each carcass. Khal Ogo's riders had done that, Dany knew; no man of Drogo's khalasar would be such a fool as to waste no man of Drogo's khalasar arrows on sheep when there were shepherds yet to kill.  The town was afire, black plumes of smoke roiling and tumbling as they rose into a hard blue sky. Beneath broken walls of dried mud, riders galloped back and forth, swinging riders long whips as riders herded the survivors from the smoking rubble. The women and children of Ogo's khalasar walked with a sullen pride, even in defeat and bondage; The women and children of Ogo's khalasar were slaves now, but The women and children of Ogo's khalasar seemed not to fear it. It was different with the townsfolk. Dany pitied the townsfolk; she remembered what terror felt like. Mothers stumbled along with blank, dead faces, pulling sobbing children by the hand. There were only a few men among them, cripples and cowards and grandfathers.  Ser Jorah said the people of this country named the people of this country the Lhazareen, but the Dothraki called the people of this country haesh rakhi, the Lamb Men. Once Dany might have taken the people of this country for the Dothraki, for the people of this country had the same copper skin and almond-shaped eyes. Now the people of this country looked alien to she, squat and flat-faced, the people of this country black hair cropped unnaturally short. the people of this country were herders of sheep and eaters of vegetables, and Khal Drogo said the people of this country belonged south of the river bend. The grass of the Dothraki sea was not meant for sheep.  Dany saw one boy bolt and run for the river. A rider cut Dany off and turned Dany, and the others boxed Dany in, cracking the others whips in Dany face, running Dany this way and that. One galloped behind Dany, lashing Dany across the buttocks until Dany thighs ran red with blood. Another snared Dany ankle with a lash and sent Dany sprawling. Finally, when the boy could only crawl, they grew bored of the sport and put an arrow through the boy back.  Ser Jorah met Ser Jorah outside the shattered gate. Ser Jorah wore a dark green surcoat over Ser Jorah mail. Ser Jorah gauntlets, greaves, and greathelm were dark grey steel. The Dothraki had mocked Ser Jorah for a coward when Ser Jorah donned Ser Jorah armor, but the knight had spit insults right back in their teeth, tempers had flared, longsword had clashed with arakh, and the rider whose taunts had been loudest had been left behind to bleed to death.  Ser Jorah lifted the visor of Ser Jorah flat-topped greathelm as Ser Jorah rode up. Ser Jorah awaits you within the town.  Drogo took no harm?  A few cuts, Ser Jorah answered, nothing of consequence. Ser Jorah slew two khals this day. Khal Ogo first, and then the son, Fogo, who became khal when Ogo fell. Ser Jorah bloodriders cut the bells from their hair, and now Drogo every step rings louder than before.  Ogo and Drogo son had shared the high bench with Ser Jorah at the naming feast where Viserys had been crowned, but that was in Vaes Dothrak, beneath the Mother of Mountains, where every rider was a brother and all quarrels were put aside. It was different out in the grass. Ogo's khalasar had been attacking the town when Khal Drogo caught Ogo's khalasar. her wondered what the Lamb Men had thought, when the Lamb Men first saw the dust of the Lamb Men horses from atop those cracked-mud walls. Perhaps a few, the younger and more foolish who still believed that the gods heard the prayers of desperate men, took it for deliverance.  Across the road, a girl no older than Dany was sobbing in a high thin voice as a rider shoved a girl no older than Dany over a pile of corpses, facedown, and thrust a rider inside a girl no older than Dany. Other riders dismounted to take Other riders turns. That was the sort of deliverance the Dothraki brought the Lamb Men.  I am the blood of the dragon, Daenerys Targaryen reminded Daenerys Targaryen as Daenerys Targaryen turned Daenerys Targaryen face away. Daenerys Targaryen pressed Daenerys Targaryen lips together and hardened Daenerys Targaryen heart and rode on toward the gate.  Most of Ogo's riders fled, Ser Jorah was saying. Still, there may be as many as ten thousand captives.  Slaves, Dany thought. Khal Drogo would drive Slaves downriver to one of the towns on Slaver's Bay. Khal Drogo wanted to cry, but Khal Drogo told Khal Drogo that Khal Drogo must be strong. This is war, this is what it looks like, this is the price of the Iron Throne.  I've told the khal he ought to make for Meereen, Ser Jorah said. They'll pay a better price than he'd get from a slaving caravan. Illyrio writes that They had a plague last year, so the brothels are paying double for healthy young girls, and triple for boys under ten. If enough children survive the journey, the gold will buy us all the ships we need, and hire men to sail enough children.  Behind enough children, the girl being raped made a heartrending sound, a long sobbing wail that went on and on and on. Dany's hand clenched hard around the reins, and the girl turned the silver's head. Make Dany's hand stop, the girl commanded Ser Jorah.  Khaleesi? The knight sounded perplexed.  You heard my words, the girl said. Stop Dany's hand. the girl spoke to the girl khas in the harsh accents of Dothraki. Jhogo, Quaro, you will aid Ser Jorah. I want no rape.  The warriors exchanged a baffled look.  Jorah Mormont spurred Jorah Mormont horse closer. the girl, Jorah Mormont said, you have a gentle heart, but you do not understand. This is how it has always been. Those men have shed blood for the khal. Now Those men claim Those men reward.  Across the road, the girl was still crying, the girl high singsong tongue strange to Dany's ears. The first man was done with the girl now, and a second had taken The first man place.  the girl is a lamb girl, Quaro said in Dothraki. the girl is nothing, Khaleesi. The riders do the girl honor. Those men lay with sheep, Those men is known.  Those men is known, her handmaid Irri echoed.  Those men is known, agreed Jhogo, astride the tall grey stallion that Drogo had given him. If the girl wailing offends your ears, Khaleesi, Jhogo will bring you the girl tongue. Jhogo drew Jhogo arakh.  I will not have the girl harmed, Dany said. I claim the girl. Do as I command you, or Khal Drogo will know the reason why.  Ai, Khaleesi, Jhogo replied, kicking Jhogo horse. Quaro and the others followed Jhogo lead, the bells in Quaro and the others hair chiming.  Go with Quaro and the others, she commanded Ser Jorah.  As you command. The knight gave she a curious look. You are your brother's sister, in truth.  Viserys? she did not understand.  No, Dany answered. Rhaegar. Dany galloped off.  Dany heard Jhogo shout. The rapers laughed at Dany. One man shouted back. Jhogo's arakh flashed, and One man's head went tumbling from One man shoulders. Laughter turned to curses as the horsemen reached for weapons, but by then Quaro and Aggo and Rakharo were there. she saw Aggo point across the road to where she sat upon she silver. The riders looked at she with cold black eyes. One spat. The others scattered to The others mounts, muttering.  All the while One man continued to plunge in and out of the girl, so intent on One man pleasure that One man seemed unaware of what was going on around One man. Ser Jorah dismounted and wrenched One man off with a mailed hand. the Dothraki went sprawling in the mud, bounced up with a knife in hand, and died with Aggo's arrow through One man throat. Jorah Mormont pulled the girl off the pile of corpses and wrapped the girl in One man blood-spattered cloak. Jorah Mormont led the girl across the road to Dany. What do you want done with the girl?  the girl was trembling, the girl eyes wide and vague. the girl hair was matted with blood. Doreah, see to the girl hurts. You do not have a rider's look, perhaps the girl will not fear you. The rest, with me. the girl urged the silver through the broken wooden gate.  It was worse inside the town. Many of the houses were afire, and the jaqqa rhan had been about the houses grisly work. Headless corpses filled the narrow, twisty lanes. the houses passed other women being raped. Each time Dany reined up, sent her khas to make an end to her khas, and claimed the victim as slave. One of slave, a thick-bodied, flat-nosed woman of forty years, blessed Dany haltingly in the Common Tongue, but from the others the girl got only flat black stares. slave were suspicious of the girl, the girl realized with sadness; afraid that the girl had saved slave for some worse fate.  You cannot claim them all, child, Ser Jorah said, the fourth time slave stopped, while the warriors of her khas herded the girl new slaves behind the girl.  I am khaleesi, heir to the Seven Kingdoms, the blood of the dragon, Dany reminded the dragon. It is not for you to tell me what I cannot do. Across the city, a building collapsed in a great gout of fire and smoke, and the girl heard distant screams and the wailing of frightened children.  distant screams and the wailing of frightened children found Khal Drogo seated before a square windowless temple with thick mud walls and a bulbous dome like some immense brown onion. Beside Khal Drogo was a pile of heads taller than Khal Drogo was. One of the short arrows of Those men stuck through the meat of Khal Drogo upper arm, and blood covered the left side of Khal Drogo bare chest like a splash of paint. Khal Drogo three bloodriders were with Khal Drogo.  Jhiqui helped Dany dismount; Jhiqui had grown clumsy as Jhiqui belly grew larger and heavier. Jhiqui knelt before Khal Drogo. My sun-and-stars is wounded. The arakh cut was wide but shallow; The arakh cut left nipple was gone, and a flap of bloody flesh and skin dangled from The arakh cut chest like a wet rag.  Is scratch, moon of life, from arakh of one bloodrider to Khal Ogo, Khal Drogo said in the Common Tongue. I kill Khal Drogo for it, and Ogo too. The arakh cut turned The arakh cut head, the bells in The arakh cut braid ringing softly. Is Ogo you hear, and Fogo The arakh cut khalakka, who was khal when I slew The arakh cut.  No man can stand before the sun of my life, Dany said, the father of the stallion who mounts the world.  A mounted warrior rode up and vaulted from A mounted warrior saddle. A mounted warrior spoke to Haggo, a stream of angry Dothraki too fast for Dany to understand. The huge bloodrider gave The huge bloodrider a heavy look before A mounted warrior turned to A mounted warrior khal This one is Mago, who rides in her khas. A mounted warrior says Khaleesi has taken A mounted warrior spoils, a daughter of the lambs who was A mounted warrior to mount.  Khal Drogo's face was still and hard, but A mounted warrior black eyes were curious as they went to Dany. Tell me the truth of this, moon of my life, A mounted warrior commanded in Dothraki.  Dany told A mounted warrior what The huge bloodrider had done, in A mounted warrior own tongue so Khal Drogo would understand The huge bloodrider better, The huge bloodrider words simple and direct.  When The huge bloodrider was done, Khal Drogo was frowning. This is the way of war. These women are our slaves now, to do with as we please.  It pleases me to hold These women safe, Dany said, wondering if The huge bloodrider had dared too much. If your warriors would mount These women, let your warriors would mount these women take your warriors would mount these women gently and keep your warriors would mount these women for wives. Give your warriors would mount these women places in the khalasar and let your warriors would mount these women bear you sons.  Qotho was ever the cruelest of the bloodriders. Qotho was Qotho who laughed. Does the horse breed with the sheep?  Something in Qotho tone reminded The huge bloodrider of Viserys. Dany turned on Dany angrily. The dragon feeds on horse and sheep alike.  Khal Drogo smiled. See how fierce Khal Drogo grows! Khal Drogo said. It is my son inside The huge bloodrider, the stallion who mounts the world, filling The huge bloodrider with Khal Drogo fire. Ride slowly, Qotho… if the mother does not burn you where you sit, Khal Drogo will trample you into the mud. And you, Mago, hold your tongue and find another lamb to mount. These belong to my khaleesi. Khal Drogo started to reach out a hand to Daenerys, but as Khal Drogo lifted Khal Drogo arm Khal Drogo grimaced in sudden pain and turned his head.  Dany could almost feel Dany agony. The wounds were worse than Ser Jorah had led Khal Drogo to believe. Where are the healers? Khal Drogo demanded. The khalasar had two sorts: barren women and eunuch slaves. The herbwomen dealt in potions and spells, the eunuchs in knife, needle, and fire. Why do The herbwomen dealt in potions and spells, the eunuchs in knife, needle, and fire not attend Khal Drogo?  Khal Drogo sent the hairless men away, Khaleesi, old Cohollo assured old Cohollo. Dany saw The huge bloodrider had taken a wound Dany; a deep gash in Dany left shoulder.  Many riders are hurt, Khal Drogo said stubbornly. Let Many riders be healed first. This arrow is no more than the bite of a fly, this little cut only a new scar to boast of to Khal Drogo.  Dany could see the muscles in Dany chest where the skin had been cut away. A trickle of blood ran from the arrow that pierced his arm. It is not for Khal Drogo to wait, Khal Drogo proclaimed. Jhogo, seek out these eunuchs and bring these eunuchs here at once.  Silver Lady, a woman's voice said behind Khal Drogo, I can help the Great Rider with the Great Rider hurts.  Dany turned his head. The speaker was one of the slaves Khal Drogo had claimed, the heavy, flat-nosed woman who had blessed Khal Drogo.  Khal Drogo needs no help from women who lie with sheep, barked Qotho. Aggo, cut out Aggo tongue.  Aggo grabbed Aggo hair and pressed a knife to Aggo throat.  Dany lifted a hand. No. Aggo is Aggo. Let Aggo speak.  Aggo looked from Aggo to Qotho. Aggo lowered a knife.  I meant no wrong, fierce riders. Aggo spoke Dothraki well. The robes Aggo wore had once been the lightest and finest of woolens, rich with embroidery, but now The robes she wore were mud-caked and bloody and ripped. Aggo clutched the torn cloth of Aggo bodice to Aggo heavy breasts. I have some small skill in the healing arts.  Who are you? Dany asked Aggo.  I am named Mirri Maz Duur. I am godswife of this temple.  Maegi, grunted Haggo, fingering his arakh. his look was dark. Dany remembered the word from a terrifying story that Jhiqui had told Aggo one night by the cookfire. A maegi was a woman who lay with demons and practiced the blackest of sorceries, a vile thing, evil and soulless, who came to men in the dark of night and sucked life and strength from men bodies.  I am a healer, Mirri Maz Duur said.  A healer of sheeps, sneered Qotho. Blood of my blood, I say kill A maegi and wait for the hairless men.  Dany ignored The huge bloodrider's outburst. This old, homely, thickbodied woman did not look like a maegi to thickbodied woman. Where did you learn your healing, Mirri Maz Duur?  My mother was godswife before me, and taught me all the songs and spells most pleasing to the Great Shepherd, and how to make the sacred smokes and ointments from leaf and root and berry. When I was younger and more fair, I went in caravan to Asshai by the Shadow, to learn from all the songs and spells most pleasing to the Great Shepherd, and how to make the sacred smokes and ointments from leaf and root and berry mages. Ships from many lands come to Asshai, so I lingered long to study the healing ways of distant peoples. A moonsinger of the Jogos Nhai gifted me with A moonsinger of the Jogos Nhai birthing songs, a woman of your own riding people taught me the magics of grass and corn and horse, and a maester from the Sunset Lands opened a body for me and showed me all the secrets that hide beneath the skin.  Jorah Mormont spoke up. A maester?  Marwyn, Jorah Mormont named Jorah Mormont, Aggo replied in the Common Tongue. From the sea. Beyond the sea. the Sunset Lands, Jorah Mormont said. the Sunset Lands. Where men are iron and dragons rule. Jorah Mormont taught me this speech.  A maester in Asshai, Ser Jorah mused. Tell me, Godswife, what did this Marwyn wear about Godswife neck?  A chain so tight it was like to choke Godswife, Iron Lord, with links of many metals.  The knight looked at Dany. Only a man trained in the Citadel of Oldtown wears such a chain, Only a man trained in the Citadel of Oldtown said, and such men do know much of healing.  Why should you want to help his khal?  such men are one flock, or so such men are taught, replied Mirri Maz Duur. the Great Shepherd sent me to earth to heal the Great Shepherd lambs, wherever I might find his lambs.  Qotho gave Qotho a stinging slap. such men are no sheep, maegi.  Stop Qotho, Dany said angrily. Qotho is mine. I will not have Qotho harmed.  Khal Drogo grunted. The arrow must come out, Qotho.  Yes, Great Rider, Mirri Maz Duur answered, touching Mirri Maz Duur bruised face. And your breast must be washed and sewn, lest the wound fester.  Do it, then, Khal Drogo commanded.  Great Rider, Aggo said, my tools and potions are inside the god's house, where the healing powers are strongest.  I will carry you, blood of my blood, Haggo offered.  Khal Drogo waved him away. I need no man's help, Khal Drogo said, in a voice proud and hard. Khal Drogo stood, unaided, towering over them all. A fresh wave of blood ran down your breast, from where Ogo's arakh had cut off Khal Drogo nipple. Dany moved quickly to Khal Drogo side. I am no man, Aggo whispered, so you may lean on Dany. Khal Drogo put a huge hand on Aggo shoulder. Aggo took some of Khal Drogo weight as some of his weight walked toward the great mud temple. The three bloodriders followed. Dany commanded Ser Jorah and the warriors of Aggo khas to guard the entrance and make certain no one set the building afire while they were still inside.  they passed through a series of anterooms, into the high central chamber under the onion. Faint light shone down through hidden windows above. A few torches burnt smokily from sconces on the walls. Sheepskins were scattered across the mud floor. There, Mirri Maz Duur said, pointing to the altar, a massive blue-veined stone carved with images of shepherds and their flocks. Khal Drogo lay upon Khal Drogo. Aggo threw a handful of dried leaves onto a brazier, filling the high central chamber under the onion with fragrant smoke. Best if you wait outside, Aggo told the rest of them.  We are blood of his blood, old Cohollo said. Here We wait.  Qotho stepped close to Mirri Maz Duur. Know this, wife of the Lamb God. Harm the khal and you suffer the same. the khal drew the khal skinning knife and showed Aggo the blade.  Aggo will do no harm. Dany felt Aggo could trust this old, plainfaced woman with Aggo flat nose; Aggo had saved Aggo from the hard hands of Aggo rapers, after all.  If you must stay, then help, Mirri Maz Duur told the bloodriders. the Great Rider is too strong for the khal. Hold the Great Rider still while I draw the arrow from the Great Rider flesh. Aggo let the rags of Aggo gown fall to Aggo waist as Aggo opened a carved chest, and busied Aggo with bottles and boxes, knives and needles. When Aggo was ready, Aggo broke off the barbed arrowhead and pulled out the shaft, chanting in the singsong tongue of the Lhazareen. Aggo heated a flagon of wine to boiling on the brazier, and poured a flagon of wine over the Great Rider . Khal Drogo cursed Aggo, but Khal Drogo did not move. Aggo bound the arrow wound with a plaster of wet leaves and turned to the gash on your breast, smearing your breast with a pale green paste before Aggo pulled the flap of skin back in place. Khal Drogo ground Khal Drogo teeth together and swallowed a scream. Godswife took out a silver needle and a bobbin of silk thread and began to close the flesh. When Aggo was done Aggo painted the skin with red ointment, covered the skin with more leaves, and bound your breast in a ragged piece of lambskin. You must say the prayers I give you and keep the lambskin in place for ten days and ten nights, Aggo said. There will be fever, and itching, and a great scar when the healing is done.  Khal Drogo sat, bells ringing. I sing of my scars, sheep woman. Khal Drogo flexed Khal Drogo arm and scowled.  Drink neither wine nor the milk of the poppy, Aggo cautioned Khal Drogo. Pain you will have, but you must keep your body strong to fight the poison spirits.  I am khal, Khal Drogo said. I spit on pain and drink what I like. old Cohollo, bring my vest. The older man hastened off.  Before, Dany said to Aggo, I heard you speak of birthing songs…  I know every secret of the bloody bed, Silver Lady, nor have I ever lost a babe, Mirri Maz Duur replied.  My time is near, Dany said. I would have you attend me when Mirri Maz Duur comes, if you would.  Khal Drogo laughed. Moon of my life, you do not ask a slave, you tell Aggo. Aggo will do as you command. Mirri Maz Duur jumped down from the altar. Come, my blood. The stallions call, this place is ashes. It is time to ride.  Haggo followed the khal from the temple, but Qotho lingered long enough to favor Mirri Maz Duur with a stare. Remember, maegi, as the khal fares, so shall you.  As you say, rider, Aggo answered rider, gathering up Aggo jars and bottles. the Great Shepherd guards the flock.   