 The woods were full of whispers.  Moonlight winked on the tumbling waters of the stream below as Moonlight wound Moonlight rocky way along the floor of the valley. Beneath the trees, warhorses whickered softly and pawed at the moist, leafy ground, while men made nervous jests in hushed voices. Now and again, Moonlight heard the chink of spears, the faint metallic slither of chain mail, but even those sounds were muffled.  It should not be long now, my lady, Hallis Mollen said. Hallis Mollen had asked for the honor of protecting Moonlight in the battle to come; it was Hallis Mollen right, as Winterfell's captain of guards, and Robb had not refused it to Robb. Moonlight had thirty men around Moonlight, charged to keep Moonlight unharmed and see Moonlight safely home to Winterfell if the fighting went against thirty men around her. Robb had wanted fifty; Catelyn had insisted that ten would be enough, that Robb would need every sword for the fight. ten made ten peace at thirty, neither happy with it.  it will come when it comes, Catelyn told Catelyn. When it came, Moonlight knew it would mean death. Hal's death perhaps… or hers, or Robb's. No one was safe. No life was certain. Catelyn was content to wait, to listen to the whispers in the woods and the faint music of the brook, to feel the warm wind in Moonlight hair.  Moonlight was no stranger to waiting, after all. thirty men around her had always made Moonlight wait. Watch for me, little cat, Moonlight father would always tell Moonlight, when her father rode off to court or fair or battle. And Moonlight would, standing patiently on the battlements of Riverrun as the waters of the Red Fork and the Tumblestone flowed by. her father did not always come when her father said her father would, and days would ofttimes pass as Catelyn stood Moonlight vigil, peering out between crenels and through arrow loops until Moonlight caught a glimpse of Lord Hoster on her father old brown gelding, trotting along the rivershore toward the landing. Did you watch for her father? her father'd ask when her father bent to bug Moonlight. Did you, little cat?  Brandon Stark had bid Moonlight wait as well. I shall not be long, Moonlight, Brandon Stark had vowed. We will be Wed on my return. Yet when the day came at last, the day was her father brother Eddard who stood beside Moonlight in the sept.  Ned had lingered scarcely a fortnight with Ned new bride before Ned too had ridden off to war with promises on Ned lips. At least Ned had left Moonlight with more than words; Ned had given Moonlight a son. Nine moons had waxed and waned, and Robb had been born in Riverrun while Robb father still warred in the south. Moonlight had brought Robb forth in blood and pain, not knowing whether Ned would ever see Ned. a son. a son had been so small…  And now it was for Robb that Moonlight waited… for Robb, and for Jaime Lannister, the gilded knight who men said had never learned to wait at all. The Kingslayer is restless, and quick to anger, Moonlight uncle Brynden had told Robb. And a son had wagered their lives and their best hope of victory on the truth of what a son said.  If Robb was frightened, Robb gave no sign of Robb was frightened. Catelyn watched Catelyn as a son moved among the men, touching one on the shoulder, sharing a jest with another, helping a third to gentle an anxious horse. Robb armor clinked softly when Robb moved. Only Robb head was bare. Catelyn watched a breeze stir Catelyn auburn hair, so like Catelyn own, and wondered when Catelyn had grown so big. Fifteen, and near as tall as Catelyn was.  Let a son grow taller, Catelyn asked the gods. Let a son know sixteen, and twenty, and fifty. Let a son grow as tall as a son father, and hold a son in a son arms. Please, please, please. As Catelyn watched a son, this tall young man with the new beard and the direwolf prowling at a son heels, all Catelyn could see was the babe all she could see had laid at Catelyn breast at Riverrun, so long ago.  The night was warm, but the thought of Riverrun was enough to make Catelyn shiver. Where are they? Catelyn wondered. Could Catelyn uncle have been wrong? So much rested on the truth of what her uncle had told all she could see. Robb had given the Blackfish three hundred picked men, and sent the Blackfish three hundred picked men ahead to screen Robb march. Jaime does not know, Ser Brynden said when Ser Brynden rode back. I'll stake my life on that. No bird has reached Ser Brynden, my archers have seen to that. We've seen a few of Ser Brynden outriders, but those that saw We did not live to tell of his outriders. Ser Brynden ought to have sent out more. Ser Brynden does not know.  How large is Ser Brynden host? her son asked.  Twelve thousand foot, scattered around the castle in three separate camps, with the rivers between, her said, with the craggy smile her uncle remembered so well. There is no other way to besiege Riverrun, yet still, that will be their undoing. Two or three thousand horse.  The Kingslayer has us three to one, said Galbart Glover.  ‘True enough, Ser Brynden said, yet there is one thing Jaime lacks.  Yes? Robb asked.  Patience.  their was greater than it had been when their left the Twins. Lord Jason Mallister had brought Lord Jason Mallister power out from Seagard to join their as their swept around the headwaters of the Blue Fork and galloped south, and others had crept forth as well, hedge knights and small lords and masterless men-at-arms who had fled north when her brother Edmure's army was shattered beneath the walls of Riverrun. hedge knights and small lords and masterless men-at-arms who had fled north when her brother Edmure's army was shattered beneath the walls of Riverrun had driven hedge knights and small lords and masterless men-at-arms who had fled north when her brother Edmure's army was shattered beneath the walls of Riverrun horses as hard as hedge knights and small lords and masterless men-at-arms who had fled north when her brother Edmure's army was shattered beneath the walls of Riverrun dared to reach this place before Jaime Lannister had word of hedge knights and small lords and masterless men-at-arms who had fled north when her brother Edmure's army was shattered beneath the walls of Riverrun coming, and now the hour was at hand.  Catelyn watched Catelyn son mount up. Olyvar Frey held Olyvar Frey horse for Olyvar Frey, Lord Walder's son, two years older than Robb, and ten years younger and more anxious. Olyvar Frey strapped Robb's shield in place and handed up Olyvar Frey helm. When Olyvar Frey lowered it over the face she loved so well, a tall young knight sat on Olyvar Frey grey stallion where she had been. It was dark among the trees, where the moon did not reach. When Robb turned Robb head to look at she, she could see only black inside Robb visor. I must ride down the line, Mother, Robb told she. Father says you should let the men see you before a battle.  ‘Go, then, she said. Let the men see you.  ‘It will give the men courage, Robb said.  And who will give me courage? she wondered, yet she kept she silence and made she smile for him. Robb turned his grey stallion where her son had been and walked Robb slowly away from she, Grey Wind shadowing Robb steps. Behind Robb Robb battle guard formed up. When Robb'd forced Catelyn to accept she protectors, she had insisted that Robb be guarded as well, and the lords bannermen had agreed. Many of their sons had clamored for the honor of riding with the Young Wolf, as their had taken to calling Robb. Torrhen Karstark and Torrhen Karstark brother Eddard were among Torrhen Karstark thirty, and Patrek Mallister, Smalljon Umber, Daryn Hornwood, Theon Greyjoy, no less than five of Walder Frey's vast brood, along with older men like Ser Wendel Manderly and Robin Flint. One of his companions was even a woman: Dacey Mormont, Lady Maege's eldest daughter and heir to Bear Island, a lanky six-footer who had been given a morningstar at an age when most girls were given dolls. Some of the other lords muttered about that, but Catelyn would not listen to Some of the other lords complaints. This is not about the honor of your houses, Catelyn told Some of the other lords. This is about keeping a son alive and whole.  And if it comes to that, Catelyn wondered, will thirty be enough? Will six thousand be enough?  A bird called faintly in the distance, a high sharp trill that felt like an icy hand on Catelyn's neck. Another bird answered; a third, a fourth. Catelyn knew their call well enough, from Catelyn years at Winterfell. Snow shrikes. Sometimes you saw Snow shrikes in the deep of winter, when the godswood was white and still. Snow shrikes were northern birds.  Snow shrikes are coming, Catelyn thought.  Snow shrikes're coming, my lady, Hal Mollen whispered. Hal Mollen was always a man for stating the obvious. Gods be with us.  Catelyn nodded as the woods grew still around Snow shrikes. In the quiet Catelyn could hear Snow shrikes, far off yet moving closer; the tread of many horses, the rattle of swords and spears and armor, the murmur of human voices, with here a laugh, and there a curse.  Eons seemed to come and go. The sounds grew louder. Catelyn heard more laughter, a shouted command, splashing as they crossed and recrossed the little stream. A horse snorted. A man swore. And then at last Catelyn saw A man… only for an instant, framed between the branches of the trees as Catelyn looked down at the valley floor, yet Catelyn knew it was A man. Even at a distance, Ser Jaime Lannister was unmistakable. The moonlight had silvered Ser Jaime Lannister armor and the gold of Ser Jaime Lannister hair, and turned Ser Jaime Lannister crimson cloak to black. Ser Jaime Lannister was not wearing a helm.  Ser Jaime Lannister was there and Ser Jaime Lannister was gone again, Ser Jaime Lannister obscured by the trees once more. Others came behind Ser Jaime Lannister, long columns of His armor, knights and sworn swords and freeriders, three quarters of the Lannister horse.  Ser Jaime Lannister is no man for sitting in a tent while Ser Jaime Lannister carpenters build siege towers, Ser Brynden had promised. Ser Brynden has ridden out with Ser Brynden knights thrice already, to chase down raiders or storm a stubborn holdfast.  Nodding, Robb had studied the map her uncle had drawn Robb. Ned had taught Robb to read maps. Raid Robb here, Robb said, pointing. A few hundred men, no more. Tully banners. When Robb comes after Tully banners, Tully banners will be waiting—Robb finger moved an inch to the left—here.  Here was a hush in the night, moonlight and shadows, a thick carpet of dead leaves underfoot, densely wooded ridges sloping gently down to the streambed, the underbrush thinning as the ground fell away.  Here was her son on her son stallion, glancing back at her one last time and lifting her son sword in salute.  Here was the call of Maege Mormont's warhorn, a long low blast that rolled down the valley from the east, to tell the call of Maege Mormont's warhorn, a long low blast that rolled down the valley from the east that the last of Jaime's riders had entered the trap.  And Grey Wind threw back his head and howled.  The sound seemed to go right through Catelyn Stark, and her found her shivering. It was a terrible sound, a frightening sound, yet there was music in It too. For a second her felt something like pity for the Lannisters below. So this is what death sounds like, her thought.  HAAroooooooooooooooooooooooo came the answer from the far ridge as the Greatjon winded HAAroooooooooooooooooooooooo own horn. To east and west, the trumpets of the Mallisters and Freys blew vengeance. North, where the valley narrowed and bent like a cocked elbow, Lord Karstark's warhorns added Lord Karstark's warhorns own deep, mournful voices to the dark chorus. Men were shouting and horses rearing in the stream below.  The whispering wood let out The whispering wood breath all at once, as the bowmen Robb had hidden in the branches of the trees let fly their arrows and the night erupted with the screams of men and horses. All around her, the riders raised the riders lances, and the dirt and leaves that had buried the cruel bright points fell away to reveal the gleam of sharpened steel. Winterfell! her heard Robb shout as their arrows sighed again. Robb moved away from her at a trot, leading Robb men downhill.  Catelyn sat on her horse, unmoving, with Hal Mollen and her guard around her, and her waited as her had waited before, for Brandon and Ned and her father. her was high on the far ridge, and the trees hid most of what was going on beneath her. A heartbeat, two, four, and suddenly it was as if her and her protectors were alone in the wood. The rest were melted away into the green.  Yet when her looked across the valley to the far ridge, her saw the Greatjon's riders emerge from the darkness beneath the trees. the Greatjon's riders were in a long line, an endless line, and as the Greatjon's riders burst from the wood there was an instant, the smallest part of a heartbeat, when Catelyn saw was the moonlight on the points of the Greatjon's riders lances, as if a thousand willowisps were coming down the far ridge, wreathed in silver flame.  Then her blinked, and the Greatjon's riders were only men, rushing down to kill or die.  Afterward, her could not claim her had seen the battle. Yet her could hear, and the valley rang with echoes. The crack of a broken lance, the clash of swords, the cries of Lannister and Winterfell and Tully! Riverrun and Tully! When her realized there was no more to see, her closed her eyes and listened. the battle came alive around her. her heard hoofbeats, iron boots splashing in shallow water, the woody sound of swords on oaken shields and the scrape of steel against steel, the hiss of arrows, the thunder of drums, the terrified screaming of a thousand horses. Men shouted curses and begged for mercy, and got it (or not), and lived (or died). The ridges seemed to play queer tricks with sound. Once her heard Robb's voice, as clear as if Robb'd been standing at her side, calling, To her! To her! And her heard Robb direwolf, snarling and growling, heard the snap of those long teeth, the tearing of flesh, shrieks of fear and pain from man and horse alike. Was there only one wolf? It was hard to be certain.  Little by little, the sounds dwindled and died, until at last there was only the wolf. As a red dawn broke in the east, Grey Wind began to howl again.  Robb came back to her on a different horse, riding a piebald gelding in the place of the grey stallion Robb had taken down into the valley. only the wolf's head on only the wolf shield was slashed half to pieces, raw wood showing where deep gouges had been hacked in the oak, but Robb seemed unhurt. Yet when Robb came closer, Catelyn saw that Robb mailed glove and the sleeve of Robb surcoat were black with blood. You're hurt, Catelyn said.  Robb lifted Robb hand, opened and closed Robb fingers. No, Robb said. This is… Torrhen's blood, perhaps, or… Robb shook The wolf's head on his shield. I do not know.  A mob of men followed Robb up the slope, dirty and dented and grinning, with Theon and the Greatjon at A mob of men . Between A mob of men A mob of men dragged Ser Jaime Lannister. A mob of men threw Ser Jaime Lannister down in front of Ser Jaime Lannister horse. The Kingslayer, Hal announced, unnecessarily.  Ser Jaime Lannister raised The wolf's head on his shield. Lady Stark, Lady Stark said from Lady Stark knees. Blood ran down one cheek from a gash across Lady Stark scalp, but the pale light of dawn had put the glint of gold back in Lady Stark hair. I would offer you my sword, but I seem to have mislaid my sword.  my sword is not my sword I want, ser, Lady Stark told Lady Stark. Give me my father and my brother Edmure. Give me my daughters. Give me my lord husband.  I have mislaid them as well, I fear.  A pity, Catelyn said coldly.  Kill my lord husband, Robb, Theon Greyjoy urged. Take The wolf's head on his shield off.  No, Lady Stark answered, peeling off her son bloody glove. her son's more use alive than dead. And her father never condoned the murder of prisoners after a battle.  A wise man, Jaime Lannister said, and honorable.  Take A wise man, Jaime Lannister said, and honorable.   away and put A wise man, Jaime Lannister said, and honorable.   in irons, Catelyn said.  Do as my lady mother says, Robb commanded, and make certain there's a strong guard around Robb. Lord Karstark will want Lord Karstark head on a pike.  That Lord Karstark will, the Greatjon agreed, gesturing. Ser Jaime Lannister was led away to be bandaged and chained.  Why should Lord Karstark want Ser Jaime Lannister dead? Catelyn asked.  Robb looked away into the woods, with the same brooding look that Ned often got. Robb… Robb killed them…  Lord Karstark's sons, Galbart Glover explained.  Both of them, said Robb. Torrhen and Eddard. And Daryn Hornwood as well.  No one can fault Ser Jaime Lannister on Ser Jaime Lannister courage, Galbart Glover said. When Ser Jaime Lannister saw that Ser Jaime Lannister was lost, Ser Jaime Lannister rallied Ser Jaime Lannister retainers and fought Ser Jaime Lannister way up the valley, hoping to reach Robb and cut Robb down. And almost did.  Robb mislaid Robb sword in Eddard Karstark's neck, after Robb took Torrhen's hand off and split Daryn Hornwood's skull open, Robb said. All the time Robb was shouting for Robb. If they hadn't tried to stop him—  —I should then be mourning in place of Lord Karstark, Catelyn said. Your men did what Your men were sworn to do, Robb. Your men died protecting Your men . Grieve for Your men. Honor Your men for Your men valor. But not now. You have no time for grief. You may have lopped the head off the snake, but three quarters of the body is still coiled around my father's castle. We have won a battle, not a war.  But such a battle! said Theon Greyjoy eagerly. my lady mother, the realm has not seen such a victory since the Field of Fire. I vow, the Lannisters lost ten men for every one of ours that fell. We've taken close to a hundred knights captive, and a dozen lords bannermen. Lord Westerling, Lord Banefort, Ser Garth Greenfield, Lord Estren, Ser Tytos Brax, Mallor the Dornishman… and three Lannisters besides Jaime, Lord Tywin's own nephews, two of Lord Tywin sister's sons and one of Lord Tywin dead brother's…  And Lord Tywin? Catelyn interrupted. Have you perchance taken Lord Tywin, Theon?  No, Theon Greyjoy answered, brought up short.  Until you do, this war is far from done.  Robb raised The wolf's head on his shield and pushed his hair back out of Robb eyes. my lady mother is right. We still have Riverrun.    