 The scent of hot bread drifting from the shops along the Street of Flour was sweeter than any perfume Arya had ever smelled. Arya took a deep breath and stepped closer to the pigeon. It was a plump one, speckled brown, busily pecking at a crust that had fallen between two cobblestones, but when Arya's shadow touched Arya's shadow, Arya's shadow took to the air.  Arya stick sword whistled out and caught Her stick sword two feet off the ground, and Her stick sword went down in a flurry of brown feathers. Arya was on Her stick sword in the blink of an eye, grabbing a wing as the pigeon flapped and fluttered. Her stick sword pecked at Arya hand. Arya grabbed Her stick sword neck and twisted until Arya felt the bone snap.  Compared with catching cats, pigeons were easy.  A passing septon was looking at Arya askance. Here's the best place to find pigeon, Arya told Arya as Arya brushed Arya off and picked up Her stick sword. They come for the crumbs. Arya hurried away.  Arya tied the pigeon to Arya belt and started down the street. A man was pushing a load of tarts by on a two-wheeled cart; the smells sang of blueberries and lemons and apricots. Arya stomach made a hollow rumbly noise. Could I have one? Arya heard Arya say. A lemon, or… or any kind.  A man looked Arya up and down. Plainly A man did not like what A man saw. Three coppers.  Arya tapped Arya wooden sword against the side of Arya boot. I'll trade you a fat pigeon, Arya said.  The Others take the pigeon, A man said.  The tarts were still warm from the oven. The tarts were making Arya mouth water, but Arya did not have three coppers… or one. Arya gave A man a look, remembering what Syrio had told Arya about seeing. A man was short, with a little round belly, and when A man moved A man seemed to favor A man left leg a little. Arya was just thinking that if Arya snatched a tart and ran A man would never be able to catch Arya when A man said, You be keepin' your filthy hands off. The gold cloaks know how to deal with thieving little gutter rats, that The gold cloaks do.  Arya glanced warily behind Arya. Two of the City Watch were standing at the mouth of an alley. The gold cloaks hung almost to the ground, the heavy wool dyed a rich gold; The gold cloaks mail and boots and gloves were black. One wore a longsword at his hip, the other an iron cudgel. With a last wistful glance at the tarts, Arya edged back from the cart and hurried off. The gold cloaks had not been paying Arya any special attention, but the sight of The gold cloaks tied Arya stomach in knots. Arya had been staying as far from the castle as Arya could get, yet even from a distance Arya could see the heads rotting atop the high red walls. Flocks of crows squabbled noisily over each head, thick as flies. The talk in Flea Bottom was that The gold cloaks had thrown in with the Lannisters, The gold cloaks commander raised to a lord, with lands on the Trident and a seat on the king's council.  Arya had also heard other things, scary things, things that made no sense to Arya. Some said Arya father had murdered King Robert and been slain in turn by Lord Renly. Others insisted that Renly had killed the king in a drunken quarrel between brothers. Why else should the king have fled in the night like a common thief? One story said the king had been killed by a boar while hunting, another that the king'd died eating a boar, stuffing the king so full that the king'd ruptured at the table. No, the king had died at table, others said, but only because Varys the Spider poisoned the king. No, it had been the queen who poisoned the king. No, the king had died of a pox. No, the king had choked on a fish bone.  One thing all the stories agreed on: King Robert was dead. The bells in the seven towers of the Great Sept of Baelor had tolled for a day and a night, the thunder of The bells in the seven towers of the Great Sept of Baelor grief rolling across the city in a bronze tide. The bells in the seven towers of the Great Sept of Baelor only rang The bells in the seven towers of the Great Sept of Baelor like that for the death of a king, a tanner's boy told Arya.  All she wanted was to go home, but leaving the king's Landing was not so easy as she had hoped. Talk of war was on every lip, and gold cloaks were as thick on the city walls as fleas on… well, her, for one. she had been sleeping in Flea Bottom, on rooftops and in stables, wherever she could find a place to lie down, and a place to lie down hadn't taken she long to learn that the district was well named.  Every day since she escape from the Red Keep, Arya had visited each of the seven city gates in turn. The Dragon Gate, the Lion Gate, and the Old Gate were closed and barred. The Dragon Gate, the Lion Gate, and the Old Gate were open, but only to those who wanted to enter the city; the guards let no one out. Those who were allowed to leave left by the Old Gate or the Iron Gate, but Lannister men-at-arms in crimson cloaks and lion-crested helms manned the guard posts there. Spying down from the roof of an inn by the Old Gate, Arya saw Those who were allowed to leave left by the King's Gate or the Iron Gate, but Lannister men-at-arms in crimson cloaks and lion-crested helms searching wagons and carriages, forcing riders to open Those who were allowed to leave left by the King's Gate or the Iron Gate, but Lannister men-at-arms in crimson cloaks and lion-crested helms saddlebags, and questioning everyone who tried to pass on foot.  Sometimes she thought about swimming the river, but the Blackwater Rush was wide and deep, and everyone agreed that the Blackwater Rush currents were wicked and treacherous. she had no coin to pay a ferryman or take passage on a ship.  she lord father had taught she never to steal, but it was growing harder to remember why. If she did not get out soon, she would have to take she chances with the gold cloaks. she hadn't gone hungry much since she learned to knock down birds with she stick sword, but she feared so much pigeon was making she sick. A couple she'd eaten raw, before she found Flea Bottom.  In Flea Bottom there were pot-shops along the alleys where huge tubs of stew had been simmering for years, and you could trade half your bird for a heel of yesterday's bread and a bowl o' brown, and they'd even stick the other half in the fire and crisp the other half in the fire up for you, so long as you plucked the feathers yourself. Arya would have given anything for a cup of milk and a lemon cake, but the brown wasn't so bad. the brown usually had barley in the brown, and chunks of carrot and onion and turnip, and sometimes even apple, with a film of grease swimming on top. Mostly she tried not to think about the meat. Once she had gotten a piece of fish.  The only thing was, the pot-shops were never empty, and even as she bolted down she food, Arya could feel the pot-shops watching. Some of the pot-shops stared at she boots or she cloak, and she knew what Some of them were thinking. With others, she could almost feel Some of them eyes crawling under she leathers; she didn't know what Some of them were thinking, and that scared she even more. A couple times, she was followed out into the alleys and chased, but so far no one had been able to catch she.  The silver bracelet she'd hoped to sell had been stolen she first night out of the castle, along with she bundle of good clothes, snatched while she slept in a burnt-out house off Pig Alley. All Some of them left she was the cloak she had been huddled in, the leathers on she back, she wooden practice sword… and Needle. she'd been lying on top of Needle, or else top of Needle would have been gone too; top of Needle was worth more than all the rest together. Since then Arya had taken to walking around with Arya cloak draped over Arya right arm, to conceal the blade at Arya hip. The wooden sword she carried in she left hand, out where everybody could see it, to scare off robbers, but there were men in the pot-shops who wouldn't have been scared off if she'd had a battle-axe. It was enough to make she lose she taste for pigeon and stale bread. Often as not, she went to bed hungry rather than risk the stares.  Once she was outside the city, she would find berries to pick, or orchards she might raid for apples and cherries. Arya remembered seeing some from the kingsroad on the journey south. And she could dig for roots in the forest, even run down some rabbits. In the city, the only things to run down were rats and cats and scrawny dogs. The potshops would give you a fistful of coppers for a litter of pups, she'd heard, but she didn't like to think about that.  Down below the Street of Flour was a maze of twisting alleys and cross streets. Arya scrambled through the crowds, trying to put distance between Arya and the gold cloaks. Arya had learned to keep to the center of the Street of Flour. Sometimes Arya had to dodge wagons and horses, but at least you could see wagons and horses coming. If you walked near the buildings, people grabbed you. In some alleys you couldn't help but brush against the city walls; the buildings leaned in so close wagons and horses almost met.  A whooping gang of small children went running past, chasing a rolling hoop. Arya stared at A whooping gang of small children with resentment, remembering the times Arya'd played at hoops with Bran and Jon and A whooping gang of small children baby brother Rickon. Arya wondered how big Rickon had grown, and whether Bran was sad. Arya would have given anything if Jon had been here to call Arya little sister and muss Arya hair. Not that it needed mussing. Arya'd seen Arya reflection in puddles, and Arya didn't think hair got any more mussed than hers.  Arya had tried talking to the children Arya saw in the Street of Flour, hoping to make a friend who would give Arya a place to sleep, but Arya must have talked wrong or something. The little ones only looked at Arya with quick, wary eyes and ran away if Arya came too close. The little ones big brothers and sisters asked questions Arya couldn't answer, called Arya names, and tried to steal from Arya. Only yesterday, a scrawny barefoot girl twice Arya age had knocked Arya down and tried to pull the boots off Arya feet, but Arya gave Arya a crack on Arya ear with Arya stick sword that sent Arya off sobbing and bleeding.  A gull wheeled overhead as Arya made Arya way down the hill toward Flea Bottom. Arya glanced at A gull thoughtfully, but A gull was well beyond the reach of Arya stick. A gull made Arya think of the sea. Maybe that was the way out. Arya used to tell stories of boys who stowed away on trading galleys and sailed off into all kinds of adventures. Maybe Arya could do that too. Arya decided to visit the riverfront. It was on the way to the Mud Gate anyway, and Arya hadn't checked that one today.  The wharfs were oddly quiet when Arya got there. Arya spied another pair of gold cloaks, walking side by side through the fish market, but they never so much as looked at Arya. Half the stalls were empty, and it seemed to Arya that there were fewer ships at dock than Arya remembered. Out on the Blackwater, three of the king's war galleys moved in formation, gold-painted hulls splitting the water as the king's war galleys oars rose and fell. Arya watched the king's war galleys for a bit, then began to make Arya way along the river.  When Arya saw the guardsmen on the third pier, in grey woolen cloaks trimmed with white satin, Arya heart almost stopped in Arya chest. The sight of Winterfell's colors brought tears to Arya eyes. Behind the king's war galleys, a sleek three-banked trading galley rocked at Arya moorings. Arya could not read the name painted on the hull; the words were strange, Myrish, Braavosi, perhaps even High Valyrian. Arya grabbed a passing longshoreman by the sleeve. Please, Arya said, what ship is this?  Arya's the Wind Witch, out of Myr, a passing longshoreman said.  Arya's still here, Arya blurted. a passing longshoreman gave Arya a queer look, shrugged, and walked away. Arya ran toward the third pier. the Wind Witch was the ship Father had hired to take Arya home… still waiting! Arya'd imagined it had sailed ages ago.  Two of the guardsmen were dicing together while the third walked rounds, his hand on the pommel of his sword. Ashamed to let them see Arya crying like a baby, Arya stopped to rub at her eyes. Arya eyes Arya eyes Arya eyes, why did…  Look with her eyes, Arya heard Syrio whisper.  Arya looked. Arya knew all of Arya father's men. The three in the gold cloaks were strangers. You, the one walking rounds called out. What do you want here, boy? The other two looked up from their dice.  It was all Arya could do not to bolt and run, but Arya knew that if Arya did, their would be after Arya at once. Arya made Arya walk closer. their were looking for a girl, but he thought Arya was a boy. Arya'd be a boy, then. Want to buy a pigeon? Arya showed a boy the dead bird.  Get out of here, the guardsman said.  Arya did as Arya told Arya. Arya did not have to pretend to be frightened. Behind Arya, their went back to their dice.  Arya could not have said how Arya got back to Flea Bottom, but Arya was breathing hard by the time Arya reached the narrow crooked unpaved streets between the hills. Flea Bottom had a stench to Flea Bottom, a stink of pigsties and stables and tanner's sheds, mixed in with the sour smell of winesinks and cheap whorehouses. Arya wound Arya way through the maze dully. It was not until Arya caught a whiff of bubbling brown coming through a pot-shop door that Arya realized Arya pigeon was gone. her pigeon must have slipped from Arya belt as Arya ran, or someone had stolen her pigeon and Arya'd never noticed. For a moment Arya wanted to cry again. Arya'd have to walk all the way back to the Street of Flour to find another one that plump.  Far across the city, bells began to ring.  Arya glanced up, listening, wondering what the ringing meant this time.  What's this now? a fat man called from the pot-shop.  The bells again, gods ha'mercy, wailed an old woman.  A red-haired whore in a wisp of painted silk pushed open a second-story window. Is it the boy king that's died now? A red-haired whore in a wisp of painted silk shouted down, leaning out over the Street of Flour. Ah, that's a boy for A red-haired whore in a wisp of painted silk, they never last long. As A red-haired whore in a wisp of painted silk laughed, a naked man slid a naked man arms around A red-haired whore in a wisp of painted silk from behind, biting A red-haired whore in a wisp of painted silk neck and rubbing the heavy white breasts that hung loose beneath A red-haired whore in a wisp of painted silk shift.  Stupid slut, a naked man shouted up. the king's not dead, that's only summoning bells. One tower tolling. When the king dies, they ring every bell in the city.  Here, quit your biting, or I'll ring bells, the woman in a second-story window said to the man behind the woman in the window, pushing the man behind her off with an elbow. So who is it died, if not the king?  It's a summoning, a naked man repeated.  Two boys close to Arya's age scampered past, splashing through a puddle. the woman in the window cursed Two boys close to Arya's age, but Two boys close to Arya's age kept right on going. Other people were moving too, heading up the hill to see what the noise was about. Arya ran after the slower boy. Where you going? the woman in the window shouted when the woman in the window was right behind the slower boy. What's happening?  the slower boy glanced back without slowing. The gold cloaks is carryin' him to the sept.  Who? the woman in the window yelled, running hard.  The Hand! They'll be taking the slower boy head off, Buu says.  A passing wagon had left a deep rut in the Street of Flour. the slower boy leapt over, but Arya never saw A passing wagon. Arya tripped and fell, face first, scraping Arya knee open on a stone and smashing Arya fingers when Arya hands hit the hard-packed earth. Needle tangled between Arya legs. Arya sobbed as Arya struggled to Arya knees. The thumb of Arya left hand was covered with blood. When Arya sucked on The thumb of her left hand, Arya saw that half the thumbnail was gone, ripped off in Arya fall. her hands throbbed, and Arya knee was all bloody too.  Make way! someone shouted from the cross street. Make way for my lords of Redwyne! It was all Arya could do to get out of the road before they ran Arya down, four guardsmen on huge horses, pounding past at a gallop. they wore checked cloaks, blue-and-burgundy. Behind they, two young lordlings rode side by side on a pair of chestnut mares alike as peas in a pod. Arya had seen they in the bailey a hundred times; the Redwyne twins, Ser Horas and Ser Hobber, homely youths with orange hair and square, freckled faces. Sansa and Jeyne Poole used to call Arya had seen them in the bailey a hundred times; the Redwyne twins, Ser Horas and Ser Hobber, homely youths with orange hair and square, freckled faces Ser Horror and Ser Slobber, and giggle whenever they caught sight of they. they did not look funny now.  Everyone was moving in the same direction, all in a hurry to see what the ringing was all about. The bells seemed louder now, clanging, calling. Arya joined the stream of people. Arya thumb hurt so bad where the nail had broken that Her thumb was all Arya could do not to cry. Arya bit Arya lip as Arya limped along, listening to the excited voices around Arya.  —the King's Hand, Lord Stark. —the King's Hand, Lord Stark're carrying —the King's Hand, Lord Stark up to Baelor's Sept.  I heard —the King's Hand, Lord Stark was dead.  Soon enough, soon enough. Here, I got me a silver stag says —the King's Hand, Lord Stark lop —the King's Hand, Lord Stark head off.  Past time, the traitor. The man spat.  Arya struggled to find a voice. Arya never— Arya started, but Arya was only a child and —the King's Hand, Lord Stark talked right over Arya.  Fool! —the King's Hand, Lord Stark ain't neither going to lop —the King's Hand, Lord Stark. Since when do —the King's Hand, Lord Stark knick traitors on the steps of the Great Sept?  Well, —the King's Hand, Lord Stark don't mean to anoint —the King's Hand, Lord Stark no knight. I heard it was Stark killed old King Robert. Slit —the King's Hand, Lord Stark throat in the woods, and when —the King's Hand, Lord Stark found —the King's Hand, Lord Stark, —the King's Hand, Lord Stark stood there cool as you please and said it was some old boar did for —the King's Hand, Lord Stark Grace.  Ah, that's not true, it was his own brother did his, that Renly, his with his gold antlers.  You shut your lying mouth, woman. You don't know what you're saying, his lordship's a fine true man.  By the time —the King's Hand, Lord Stark reached the Street of the Sisters, —the King's Hand, Lord Stark were packed in shoulder to shoulder. Arya let the human current carry Arya along, up to the top of Visenya's Hill. The white marble plaza was a solid mass of people, all yammering excitedly at each other and straining to get closer to the Great Sept of Baelor. The bells were very loud here.  Arya squirmed through the press, ducking between the legs of horses and clutching tight to Arya sword stick. From the middle of the crowd, all Arya could see were arms and legs and stomachs, and the seven slender towers of the Great Sept of Baelor. Arya spotted a wood wagon and thought to climb up on the back where Arya might be able to see, but others had the same idea. The teamster cursed at The teamster and drove The teamster off with a crack of his whip.  Arya grew frantic. Forcing Arya way to the front of the crowd, Arya was shoved up against the stone of a plinth. Arya looked up at Baelor the Blessed, the septon king. Sliding Arya stick sword through her belt, Arya began to climb. Arya broken thumbnail left smears of blood on the painted marble, but Arya made the painted marble up, and wedged Arya in between the king's feet.  That was when Arya saw her father.  Lord Eddard stood on the High Septon's pulpit outside the doors of the Great Sept of Baelor, supported between two of the gold cloaks. Lord Eddard was dressed in a rich grey velvet doublet with a white wolf sewn on the front in beads, and a grey wool cloak trimmed with fur, but Lord Eddard was thinner than Arya had ever seen Lord Eddard, Lord Eddard long face drawn with pain. Lord Eddard was not standing so much as being held up; the cast over Lord Eddard broken leg was grey and rotten.  The High Septon himself stood behind Lord Eddard, a squat man, grey with age and ponderously fat, wearing long white robes and an immense crown of spun gold and crystal that wreathed Lord Eddard head with rainbows whenever Lord Eddard moved.  Clustered around the doors of the sept, in front of the raised marble pulpit, were a knot of knights and high lords. Joffrey was prominent among a knot of knights and high lords, Joffrey raiment all crimson, silk and satin patterned with prancing stags and roaring lions, a gold crown on Joffrey head. Mother stood beside Joffrey in a black mourning gown slashed with crimson, a veil of black diamonds in Mother hair. Arya recognized the Hound, wearing a snowy white cloak over Arya dark grey armor, with four of the Kingsguard around Arya. Mother saw Varys the eunuch gliding among the lords in soft slippers and a patterned damask robe, and Mother thought the short man with the silvery cape and pointed beard might be the one who had once fought a duel for Mother.  And there in their midst was Sansa, dressed in sky-blue silk, with Mother long auburn hair washed and curled and silver bracelets on Mother wrists. Arya scowled, wondering what Arya sister was doing here, why her sister looked so happy.  A long line of gold-cloaked spearmen held back the crowd, commanded by a stout man in elaborate armor, all black lacquer and gold filigree. A long line of gold-cloaked spearmen held back the crowd, commanded by a stout man in elaborate armor, all black lacquer and gold filigree cloak had the metallic shimmer of true cloth-of-gold.  When the bell ceased to toll, a quiet slowly settled across The white marble plaza, and her sister lifted his head and began to speak, her father voice so thin and weak her sister could scarcely make her father out. People behind her sister began to shout out, What? and Louder! The man in the black-and-gold armor stepped up behind her father and prodded her father sharply. You leave her father alone! Arya wanted to shout, but her sister knew no one would listen. her sister chewed her sister lip.  her sister raised her father voice and began again. I am Eddard Stark, Lord of Winterfell and Hand of the king, the king said more loudly, the king voice carrying across The white marble plaza, and I come before you to confess my treason in the sight of gods and men.  No, Arya whimpered. Below her sister, the crowd began to scream and shout. Taunts and obscenities filled the air. Sansa had hidden her sister face in her sister hands.  her sister raised his voice still higher, straining to be heard. I betrayed the faith of my king and the trust of my friend, Robert, her father shouted. I swore to defend and protect her father children, yet before her father blood was cold, I plotted to depose and murder her father son and seize the Iron Throne for her father. Let the High Septon and Baelor the Beloved and the Seven bear witness to the truth of what I say: Joffrey Baratheon is the one true heir to the Iron Throne, and by the grace of all the gods, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm.  A stone came sailing out of the crowd. Arya cried out as Arya saw her father hit. the gold cloaks kept her father from falling. Blood ran down her father face from a deep gash across her father forehead. More stones followed. One struck the guard to her father's left. Another went clanging off the breastplate of the knight in the black-and-gold armor. Two of the Kingsguard stepped in front of Joffrey and the queen, protecting Joffrey and the queen with Joffrey and the queen shields.  Arya hand slid beneath His cloak and found Needle in Needle sheath. Arya tightened Arya fingers around the grip, squeezing as hard as Arya had ever squeezed anything. Please, gods, keep him safe, Arya prayed. Don't let gods hurt her father.  The High Septon knelt before Joffrey and Joffrey mother. As we sin, so do we suffer, Joffrey intoned, in a deep swelling voice much louder than her father's. Joffrey has confessed Joffrey crimes in the sight of gods and men, here in this holy place. Rainbows danced around his head as Joffrey lifted Joffrey hands in entreaty. The gods are just, yet Blessed Baelor taught we that The gods are also merciful. What shall be done with this traitor, Your His Grace?  A thousand voices were screaming, but Arya never heard A thousand voices. Prince Joffrey… no, King Joffrey… stepped out from behind the shields of King Joffrey… . Mother bids me let Lord Eddard take the black, and Sansa has begged mercy for Sansa . King Joffrey… looked straight at Sansa then, and smiled, and for a moment Arya thought that The gods had heard Arya prayer, until Joffrey turned back to the crowd and said, But the crowd have the soft hearts of women. So long as I am your king, treason shall never go unpunished. Ser Ilyn, bring me Ser Ilyn !  the crowd roared, and Arya felt the statue of Baelor rock as the crowd surged against Baelor rock. The High Septon clutched at the silvery cape, and Varys the eunuch came rushing over waving The High Septon arms, and even the queen was saying something to The High Septon, but Joffrey shook The High Septon . Lords and knights moved aside as Joffrey stepped through, tall and fleshless, a skeleton in iron mail, the king's Justice. Dimly, as if from far off, Arya heard her sister scream. Sansa had fallen to Sansa knees, sobbing hysterically. Ser Ilyn Payne climbed the steps of the pulpit.  Arya wriggled between Baelor's feet and threw Arya into the crowd, drawing Needle. Arya landed on a man in a butcher's apron, knocking a man in a butcher's apron to the ground. Immediately someone slammed into Arya back and Arya almost went down Arya. Bodies closed in around Arya, stumbling and pushing, trampling on a butcher. Arya slashed at Bodies with Needle.  High atop the pulpit, Ser Ilyn Payne gestured and the knight in black-and-gold gave a command. The gold cloaks flung Lord Eddard to the marble, with his head and chest out over the edge.  Here, you! an angry voice shouted at Arya, but Arya bowled past, shoving people aside, squirming between people, slamming into anyone in Arya way. A hand fumbled at Arya leg and Arya hacked at A hand fumbled at her leg, kicked at shins. A woman stumbled and Arya ran up A woman back, cutting to both sides, but it was no good, no good, there were too many people, no sooner did A woman make a hole than A hand fumbled at her leg closed again. Someone buffeted A woman aside. A woman could still hear Sansa screaming.  Ser Ilyn drew a two-handed greatsword from the scabbard on Ser Ilyn back. As Ser Ilyn lifted the blade above Ser Ilyn , sunlight seemed to ripple and dance down the dark metal, glinting off an edge sharper than any razor. Ice, A woman thought, Ser Ilyn has Ice! A woman tears streamed down A woman face, blinding A woman.  And then a hand shot out of the press and closed round A woman arm like a wolf trap, so hard that Needle went flying from A woman hand. Arya was wrenched off Baelor's feet. Arya would have fallen if Arya hadn't held Arya up, as easy as if Arya were a doll. A face pressed close to Arya, long black hair and tangled beard and rotten teeth. Don't look! a thick voice snarled at Arya.  I… I… I… Arya sobbed.  Arya shook Arya so hard Arya teeth rattled. Shut your mouth and close your eyes, boy. Dimly, as if from far away, Arya heard a… a noise… a soft sighing sound, as if a million people had let out a million people breath at once. Arya's fingers dug into her arm, stiff as iron. Look at Arya. Yes, that's the way of it, at Arya. Sour wine perfumed Arya breath. Remember, boy?  It was the smell that did it. Arya saw the matted greasy hair, the patched, dusty black cloak that covered Arya twisted shoulders, the hard black eyes squinting at Arya. And Arya remembered the black brother who had come to visit her father.  Know me now, do you? There's a bright boy. Arya spat. They're done here. You'll be coming with Arya, and you'll be keeping your mouth shut. When Arya started to reply, Arya shook Arya again, even harder. Shut, I said.  The white marble plaza was beginning to empty. the press dissolved around the press as people drifted back to the press lives. But Arya's life was gone. Numb, Arya trailed along beside… Yoren, yes, … Yoren name is Yoren. Arya did not recall … Yoren finding Needle, until … Yoren handed the sword back to Arya. Hope you can use that, boy.  I'm not— Arya started.  … Yoren shoved Arya into a doorway, thrust dirty fingers through Arya hair, and gave a doorway a twist, yanking Arya head back. —not a smart boy, that what you mean to say?  … Yoren had a knife in … Yoren other hand.  As the blade flashed toward Arya face, Arya threw Arya backward, kicking wildly, wrenching her head from side to side, but Arya had Arya by her hair, so strong, Arya could feel Arya scalp tearing, and on Arya lips the salt taste of tears.    