 The oldest were men grown, seventeen and eighteen years from the day of men naming. One was past twenty. Most were younger, sixteen or less.  Bran watched men from the balcony of Maester Luwin's turret, listening to men grunt and strain and curse as men swung men staves and wooden swords. The yard was alive to the clack of wood on wood, punctuated all too often by thwacks and yowls of pain when a blow struck leather or flesh. Ser Rodrik strode among the boys, face reddening beneath Ser Rodrik white whiskers, muttering at the boys one and all. Bran had never seen the old knight look so fierce. No, Bran kept saying. No. No. No.  the boys don't fight very well, Bran said dubiously. Bran scratched Summer idly behind the ears as the direwolf tore at a haunch of meat. Bones crunched between Bran teeth.  For a certainty, Maester Luwin agreed with a deep sigh. Maester Luwin was peering through Maester Luwin big Myrish lens tube, measuring shadows and noting the position of the comet that hung low in the morning sky. Yet given time… Ser Rodrik has the truth of … Ser Rodrik, we need men to walk the walls. Your lord father took the cream of Your lord father guard to King's Landing, and your brother took the rest, along with all the likely lads for leagues around. Many will not come back to we, and we must needs find the men to take the men places.  Bran stared resentfully at the sweating boys below. If I still had my legs, I could beat them all. Bran remembered the last time Bran'd held a sword in Bran hand, when King had come to Winterfell. It was only a wooden sword, yet Bran'd knocked Prince Tommen down half a hundred times. … Ser Rodrik should teach me to use a poleaxe. If I had a poleaxe with a big long haft, Hodor could be my legs. we could be a knight together.  I think that… unlikely, Maester Luwin said. Bran, when a man fights, a man arms and legs and thoughts must be as one.  Below in the yard, … Ser Rodrik was yelling. You fight like a goose. … Ser Rodrik pecks you and you peck … Ser Rodrik harder. Parry! Block the blow. Goose fighting will not suffice. If those were real swords, the first peck would take your arm off! One of the other boys laughed, and the old knight rounded on him. You laugh. You. Now that is gall. You fight like a hedgehog…  There was a knight once who couldn't see, Bran said stubbornly, as … Ser Rodrik went on below. Old Nan told me about … Ser Rodrik. Old Nan had a long staff with blades at both ends and Old Nan could spin a long staff with blades at both ends in Old Nan hands and chop two men at once.  Symeon Star-Eyes, Maester Luwin said as Maester Luwin marked numbers in a book. When Maester Luwin lost Symeon Star-Eyes, Maester Luwin put star sapphires in the empty sockets, or so the singers claim. Bran, that is only a story, like the tales of Florian the Fool. A fable from the Age of Heroes. The maester tsked. You must put these dreams aside, these dreams will only break your heart.  The mention of dreams reminded Maester Luwin. I dreamed about the crow again last night. The one with three eyes. Maester Luwin flew into my bedchamber and told me to come with my bedchamber, so I did. We went down to the crypts. Father was there, and We talked. Father was sad.  And why was that? Maester Luwin peered through Maester Luwin tube.  It was something to do about Jon, I think. The dream had been deeply disturbing, more so than any of the other crow dreams. Hodor won't go down into the crypts.  The maester had only been half listening, Bran could tell. Bran lifted Bran eye from his tube, blinking. Hodor won't…  Go down into the crypts. When I woke, I told Bran to take me down, to see if Father was truly there. At first Bran didn't know what I was saying, but I got Bran to the steps by telling Bran to go here and go there, only then Bran wouldn't go down. Bran just stood on the top step and said ‘Hodor,' like Bran was scared of the dark, but I had a torch. It made me so mad I almost gave Bran a swat in the head, like Old Nan is always doing. Bran saw the way The maester was frowning and hurriedly added, I didn't, though.  Good. Hodor is a man, not a mule to be beaten.  In The dream I flew down with the crow, but I can't do that when I'm awake, Bran explained.  Why would you want to go down to the crypts?  I told you. To look for Father.  The maester tugged at the chain around The maester neck, as The maester often did when The maester was uncomfortable. Bran, sweet child, one day Lord Eddard will sit below in stone, beside The maester father and The maester father's father and all the Starks back to the old Kings in the North… but that will not be for many years, gods be good. his father's father is a prisoner of the queen in King's Landing. You will not find his father's father in the crypts.  his father's father was there last night. I talked to his father's father.  Stubborn boy, The maester sighed, setting Stubborn boy book aside. Would you like to go see?  I can't. Hodor won't go, and the steps are too narrow and twisty for Dancer.  I believe I can solve that difficulty.  In place of Hodor, the wildling woman Osha was summoned. the wildling woman Osha was tall and tough and uncomplaining, willing to go wherever the wildling woman Osha was commanded. I lived my life beyond the Wall, a hole in the ground won't fret me none, m'lords, the wildling woman Osha said.  Summer, come, Bran called as the wildling woman Osha lifted Bran in wiry-strong arms. The direwolf left The direwolf bone and followed as Osha carried Bran across the yard and down the spiral steps to the cold vault under the earth. Maester Luwin went ahead with a torch. Bran did not even mind—too badly—that Bran carried Bran in Bran arms and not on Bran back. Ser Rodrik had ordered Osha's chain struck off, since Ser Rodrik had served faithfully and well since Ser Rodrik had been at Winterfell. Ser Rodrik still wore the heavy iron shackles around Ser Rodrik ankles—a sign that Ser Rodrik was not yet wholly trusted—but they did not hinder Ser Rodrik sure strides down the spiral steps to the cold vault under the earth.  Bran could not recall the last time Bran had been in the crypts. Bran had been before, for certain. When Bran was little, Bran used to play down here with Robb and Jon and Bran sisters.  Bran wished Robb and Jon and his sisters were here now; the cold vault under the earth might not have seemed so dark and scary. Summer stalked out in the echoing gloom, then stopped, lifted Bran head, and sniffed the chill dead air. Bran bared Bran teeth and crept backward, eyes glowing golden in the light of the maester's torch. Even Osha, hard as old iron, seemed uncomfortable. Grim folk, by the look of Even Osha, hard as old iron, Ser Rodrik said as Ser Rodrik eyed the long row of granite Starks on their stone thrones.  their were the Kings of Winter, Bran whispered. Somehow it felt wrong to talk too loudly in this place.  Osha smiled. Winter's got the Marsh King. If you'd seen it, you'd know that, summer boy.  They were the Kings in the North for thousands of years, Maester Luwin said, lifting the maester's torch high so the light shone on the stone faces. Some were hairy and bearded, shaggy men fierce as the wolves that crouched by Some feet. Others were shaved clean, Others features gaunt and sharp-edged as the iron longswords across Others laps. Hard men for a hard time. Come. He strode briskly down the vault, past the procession of stone pillars and the endless carved figures. A tongue of flame trailed back from the maester's torch as He went.  the vault was cavernous, longer than Winterfell itself, and Jon had told Jon once that there were other levels underneath, vaults even deeper and darker where the older kings were buried. It would not do to lose the light. Summer refused to move from the steps, even when Osha followed the maester's torch, Bran in her arms.  Do you recall your history, Bran? the maester said as they walked. Tell Osha who they were and what they did, if you can.  He looked at the passing faces and the tales came back to He. the maester had told He the stories, and Old Nan had made the stories come alive. That one is Jon Stark. When the sea raiders landed in the east, He drove the sea raiders out and built the castle at White Harbor. He son was Rickard Stark, not my father's father but another Rickard, His son took the Neck away from the Marsh King and married His son daughter. Theon Stark's the real thin one with the long hair and the skinny beard. They called Theon Stark's the ‘Hungry Wolf,' because Theon Stark's was always at war. That's a Brandon, the tall one with the dreamy face, His son was Brandon the Shipwright, because His son loved the Sunset Sea. His son tomb is empty. His son tried to sail west across the Sunset Sea and was never seen again. His son was Brandon the Burner, because His son put the maester's torch to all His son father's ships in grief. There's Rodrik Stark, who won Bear Island in a wrestling match and gave it to the Mormonts. And that's Torrhen Stark, the King Who Knelt. Who Knelt was the last King in the North and the first Lord of Winterfell itself, after Who Knelt yielded to Aegon the Conqueror. Oh, there, Who Knelt's Cregan Stark. Who Knelt fought with Prince Aemon once, and the Dragonknight said the Dragonknight'd never faced a finer swordsman. They were almost at the end now, and Bran felt a sadness creeping over the Dragonknight. And there's my grandfather, Lord Rickard, who was beheaded by Mad King Aerys. my grandfather, Lord Rickard, who was beheaded by Mad King Aerys daughter Lyanna and my grandfather, Lord Rickard, who was beheaded by Mad King Aerys son Brandon are in the tombs beside his son Brandon. Not me, another Brandon, my father's brother. They're not supposed to have statues, that's only for the lords and the kings, but Father loved They so much Father had They done.  The maid's a fair one, Osha said.  Robert was betrothed to marry The maid, but Prince Rhaegar carried The maid off and raped The maid, Bran explained. Robert fought a war to win The maid back. Robert killed Prince Rhaegar on the Trident with Robert hammer, but Lyanna died and Robert never got The maid back at all.  A sad tale, said Osha, but those empty holes are sadder.  Lord Eddard's tomb, for when Lord Eddard time comes, Maester Luwin said. Is this where you saw his father's father in your dream, Bran?  Yes. The memory made his father's father shiver. his father's father looked around the vault uneasily, the hairs on the back of his father's father neck bristling. Had his father's father heard a noise? Was there someone here?  Maester Luwin stepped toward the open sepulchre, torch in hand. As you see, Maester Luwin's not here. Nor will Maester Luwin be, for many a year. Dreams are only dreams, child. Maester Luwin thrust Maester Luwin arm into the blackness inside His tomb, as into the mouth of some great beast. Do you see? It's quite empt—  The darkness sprang at Maester Luwin, snarling.  Bran saw eyes like green fire, a flash of teeth, fur as black as the pit around them. Maester Luwin yelled and threw up Maester Luwin hands. the maester's torch went flying from Maester Luwin fingers, caromed off the stone face of Brandon Stark, and tumbled to the statue's feet, the flames licking up Maester Luwin legs. In the drunken shifting torchlight, they saw Maester Luwin struggling with The direwolf, beating at Maester Luwin muzzle with one hand while the jaws closed on the other.  Summer! Bran screamed.  And Summer came, shooting from the dimness behind them, a leaping shadow. Maester Luwin slammed into Shaggydog and knocked Maester Luwin back, and the two direwolves rolled over and over in a tangle of grey and black fur, snapping and biting at each other, while Maester Luwin struggled to Maester Luwin knees, his arm torn and bloody. Osha propped Bran up against the ‘Hungry Wolf as Lord Rickard's hurried to assist The maester. In the light of the maester's torch, shadow wolves twenty feet tall fought on the wall and roof.  Shaggy, a small voice called. When Bran looked up, Bran little brother was standing in the mouth of Father's tomb. With one final snap at Summer's face, Shaggydog broke off and bounded to Rickon's side. You let Father be, Rickon warned Maester Luwin. You let Father be.  Rickon, Bran said softly. Father's not here.  Yes Father is. I saw Father. Tears glistened on Rickon's face. I saw Father last night.  In your dream…?  Rickon nodded. You leave Father. You leave Father be. Father's coming home now, like Father promised. Father's coming home.  Bran had never seen Maester Luwin Maester Luwin took so uncertain before. Blood dripped down Father arm where Shaggydog had shredded the wool of Father sleeve and the flesh beneath. Osha, the torch, Father said, biting through Father pain, and she snatched it up before it went out. Soot stains blackened his legs. That… that beast, Maester Luwin went on, is supposed to be chained up in the kennels.  Rickon patted Shaggydog's muzzle, damp with blood. I let Rickon loose. Rickon doesn't like chains. Rickon licked at Rickon .  Rickon, Bran said, would you like to come with Bran?  No. I like it here.  It's dark here. And cold.  I'm not afraid. I have to wait for Father.  You can wait with Bran, Bran said. We'll wait together, you and me and We wolves. Both of the direwolves were licking wounds now, and would bear close watching.  Bran, the maester said firmly, I know you mean well, but Shaggydog is too wild to run loose. I'm the third man Shaggydog's savaged. Give Shaggydog the freedom of the castle and it's only a question of time before Shaggydog kills someone. The truth is hard, but the wolf has to be chained, or… the wolf hesitated.  …or killed, Bran thought, but what Bran said was, Bran was not made for chains. We will wait in your tower, all of We.  That is quite impossible, Maester Luwin said.  Osha grinned. The boy's the lordling here, as I recall. She handed Maester Luwin back Maester Luwin and scooped Bran up into She arms again. The maester's tower The maester's tower is.  Will you come, Rickon?  his little brother nodded. If Shaggy comes too, his little brother said, running after Osha and Bran, and there was nothing Maester Luwin could do but follow, keeping a wary eye on the wolves.  Maester Luwin's turret was so cluttered that it seemed to Bran a wonder that Bran ever found anything. Tottering piles of books covered tables and chairs, rows of stoppered jars lined the shelves, candle stubs and puddles of dried wax dotted the furniture, the bronze Myrish lens tube sat on a tripod by the terrace door, star charts hung from the walls, shadow maps lay scattered among the rushes, papers, quills, and pots of inks were everywhere, and all of it was spotted with droppings from the ravens in the rafters. droppings from the ravens in the rafters strident quorks drifted down from above as Osha washed and cleaned and bandaged the maester's wounds, under Luwin's terse instruction. This is folly, the small grey man said while the small grey man dabbed at the wolf bites with a stinging ointment. I agree that it is odd that both you boys dreamed the same dream, yet when you stop to consider the same dream, it's only natural. You miss Father, and you know that Father is a captive. Fear can fever a man's mind and give a man queer thoughts. Rickon is too young to comprehend—  I'm four now, Rickon said. Rickon was peeking through the bronze Myrish lens tube. Rickon sat on opposite sides of the large round room, licking opposite sides of the large round room and gnawing on bones.  —too young, and—ooh, seven hells, that burns, no, don't stop, more. Too young, as I say, but you, Bran, you're old enough to know that dreams are only dreams.  Some are, some aren't. Osha poured pale red firemilk into a long gash. Maester Luwin gasped. The children of the forest could tell you a thing or two about dreaming.  Tears were streaming down the maester's face, yet Rickon shook Rickon head doggedly. The children of the forest… live only in dreams. Now. Dead and gone. Enough, that's enough. Now the bandages. Pads and then wrap, and make it tight, I'll be bleeding.  Old Nan says The children of the forest knew the songs of the trees, that The children of the forest could fly like birds and swim like fish and talk to the animals, Bran said. Old Nan says that they made music so beautiful that it made you cry like a little baby just to hear it.  And all this they did with magic, Maester Luwin Maester Luwin said, distracted. I wish they were here now. A spell would heal my arm less painfully, and they could talk to Shaggydog and tell Shaggydog not to bite. Shaggydog gave the ‘Hungry Wolf an angry glance out of the corner of Shaggydog eye. Take a lesson, Bran. The man who trusts in spells is dueling with a glass sword. As The children of the forest did. Here, let me show you something. Shaggydog stood abruptly, crossed the room, and returned with a green jar in Shaggydog good hand. Have a look at these, Shaggydog said as Shaggydog pulled the stopper and shook out a handful of shiny black arrowheads.  Bran picked one up. Bran's made of glass. Curious, Rickon drifted closer to peer over the table.  Dragonglass, Osha named Rickon as Dragonglass sat down beside Luwin, bandagings in hand.  Obsidian, Maester Luwin insisted, holding out my arm. Forged in the fires of the gods, far below the earth. The children of the forest hunted with that, thousands of years ago. The children of the forest hunted with that, thousands of years ago worked no metal. In place of mail, The children of the forest hunted with that, thousands of years ago wore long shirts of woven leaves and bound The children of the forest hunted with that, thousands of years ago legs in bark, so The children of the forest hunted with that, thousands of years ago seemed to melt into the wood. In place of swords, The children of the forest hunted with that, thousands of years ago carried blades of obsidian.  And still do. Osha placed soft pads over the bites on the maester's forearm and bound The children of the forest hunted with that, thousands of years ago tight with long strips of linen.  Bran held the arrowhead up close. The black glass was slick and shiny. Bran thought The black glass beautiful. Can I keep one?  As you wish, the maester said.  I want one too, Rickon said. I want four. I'm four.  Maester Luwin made Rickon count them out. Careful, them're still sharp. Don't cut yourself.  Tell me about The children of the forest hunted with that, thousands of years ago, Bran said. It was important.  What do you wish to know?  Everything.  Maester Luwin Maester Luwin tugged at Maester Luwin chain collar where Maester Luwin chafed against Maester Luwin neck. Maester Luwin were people of the Dawn Age, the very first, before kings and kingdoms, Maester Luwin said. In those days, there were no castles or holdfasts, no cities, not so much as a market town to be found between here and the sea of Dorne. There were the First Men at all. Only the children of the forest dwelt in the lands we now call the Seven Kingdoms.  Only the children of the forest were a people dark and beautiful, small of stature, no taller than children even when grown to manhood. Only the children of the forest lived in the depths of the wood, in caves and crannogs and secret tree towns. Slight as Only the children of the forest were, Only the children of the forest were quick and graceful. Male and female hunted together, with weirwood bows and flying snares. Only the children of the forest gods were the gods of the forest, stream, and stone, the old gods whose names are secret. Only the children of the forest wise men were called greenseers, and carved strange faces in the weirwoods to keep watch on the woods. How long Only the children of the forest reigned here or where Only the children of the forest came from, no man can know.  But some twelve thousand years ago, the First Men appeared from the east, crossing my arm Dorne before my arm was broken. the First Men came with bronze swords and great leathern shields, riding horses. No horse had ever been seen on this side of the narrow sea. No doubt Only the children of the forest were as frightened by the horses as the First Men were by the faces in the trees. As the First Men carved out holdfasts and farms, the First Men cut down the faces in the trees and gave the First Men to the fire. Horror-struck, Only the children of the forest went to war. The old songs say that greenseers used dark magics to make the seas rise and sweep away the land, shattering my arm, but it was too late to close the door. The wars went on until the earth ran red with blood of men and children both, but more children than men, for men were bigger and stronger, and wood and stone and obsidian make a poor match for bronze. Finally the wise of both races prevailed, and the chiefs and heroes of the First Men met the greenseers and wood dancers amidst the weirwood groves of a small island in the great lake called Gods Eye.  There the chiefs and heroes of the First Men forged the Pact. the First Men were given the coastlands, the high plains and bright meadows, the mountains and bogs, but the deep woods were to remain forever Only the children of the forest's, and no more weirwoods were to be put to the axe anywhere in the realm. So Their gods might bear witness to the signing, every tree on the island was given a face, and afterward, the sacred order of green men was formed to keep watch over the Isle of Faces.  the Pact began four thousand years of friendship between men and children. In time, the First Men even put aside the gods the First Men had brought with the First Men, and took up the worship of the secret gods of the wood. The signing of the Pact ended the Dawn Age, and began the Age of Heroes.  Bran's fist curled around the shiny black arrowhead. But The children of the forest are all gone now, you said.  Here, The children of the forest are, said Osha, as she bit off the end of the last bandage with she teeth. North of the Wall, things are different. That's where The children of the forest went, and the giants, and the other old races.  Maester Luwin sighed. Woman, by rights you ought to be dead or in chains. The Starks have treated you more gently than you deserve. It is unkind to repay The Starks for The Starks kindness by filling the boys' heads with folly.  Tell me where The Starks went, Bran said. I want to know.  Me too, Rickon echoed.  Oh, very well, Maester Luwin muttered. So long as the kingdoms of the First Men held sway, the Pact endured, all through the Age of Heroes and the Long Night and the birth of the Seven Kingdoms, yet finally there came a time, many centuries later, when other peoples crossed the narrow sea.  The Andals were the first, a race of tall, fair-haired warriors who came with steel and fire and the seven-pointed star of the new gods painted on their chests. The wars lasted hundreds of years, but in the end the six southron kingdoms all fell before the six southron kingdoms all. Only here, where the King in the North threw back every army that tried to cross the Neck, did the rule of the First Men endure. The Andals burnt out the weirwood groves, hacked down the faces, slaughtered the children where they found the six southron kingdoms all, and everywhere proclaimed the triumph of the Seven over Their gods. So the children where they found them fled north—  Summer began to howl.  Maester Luwin broke off, startled. When Shaggydog bounded to Maester Luwin feet and added Maester Luwin voice to Maester Luwin brother's, dread clutched at Bran's heart. It's coming, Maester Luwin whispered, with the certainty of despair. Maester Luwin had known It since last night, Maester Luwin realized, since the crow had led Maester Luwin down into the crypts to say farewell. Maester Luwin had known It, but Maester Luwin had not believed. Maester Luwin had wanted Maester Luwin to be right. the crow, Maester Luwin thought, the three-eyed crow…  The howling stopped as suddenly as the crow had begun. Summer padded across the tower floor to Shaggydog, and began to lick at a mat of bloody fur on the back of his brother's neck. From the window came a flutter of wings.  A raven landed on the grey stone sill, opened A raven beak, and gave a harsh, raucous rattle of distress.  Rickon began to cry. Rickon arrowheads fell from Rickon hand one by one and clattered on the tower floor. Bran pulled Rickon close and hugged Rickon.  Maester Luwin stared at the black bird as if Maester Luwin were a scorpion with feathers. Maester Luwin rose, slow as a sleepwalker, and moved to the window. When Maester Luwin whistled, A raven hopped onto Maester Luwin bandaged forearm. There was dried blood on A raven wings. A hawk, Maester Luwin murmured, perhaps an owl. Poor thing, a wonder it got through. Maester Luwin took the letter from the letter leg.  Bran found Bran shivering as the maester unrolled the paper. What is it? Bran said, holding his brother all the harder.  You know what it is, boy, Osha said, not unkindly. She put She on his head.  Maester Luwin looked up at them numbly, a small grey man with blood on the sleeve of Maester Luwin grey wool robe and tears in Maester Luwin bright grey eyes. My lords, My lords said to the sons, in a voice gone hoarse and shrunken, the sons… the sons shall need to find a stonecarver who knew My lords likeness well…   