 In the tower room at the heart of Maegor's Holdfast, Sansa gave Sansa to the darkness.  Sansa drew the curtains around Sansa bed, slept, woke weeping, and slept again. When Sansa could not sleep Sansa lay under Sansa blankets shivering with grief. Servants came and went, bringing meals, but the sight of food was more than Sansa could bear. The dishes piled up on the table beneath Sansa window, untouched and spoiling, until Servants took Servants away again.  Sometimes Sansa sleep was leaden and dreamless, and Sansa woke from it more tired than when Sansa had closed Sansa eyes. Yet those were the best times, for when Sansa dreamed, Sansa dreamed of Father. Waking or sleeping, Sansa saw him, saw the gold cloaks fling him down, saw Ser Ilyn striding forward, unsheathing Ice from the scabbard on him back, saw the moment… the moment when… Sansa had wanted to look away, Sansa had wanted to, Sansa legs had gone out from under Sansa and Sansa had fallen to Sansa knees, yet somehow Sansa could not turn Sansa head, and all the people were screaming and shouting, and Sansa prince had smiled at Sansa, her prince'd smiled and Sansa'd felt safe, but only for a heartbeat, until her prince said those words, and Sansa father's legs… that was what Sansa remembered, her prince legs, the way they'd jerked when Ser Ilyn… when the sword…  Perhaps I will die too, Sansa told Sansa, and the thought did not seem so terrible to Sansa. If Sansa flung Sansa from the window, Sansa could put an end to Sansa suffering, and in the years to come the singers would write songs of Sansa grief. Sansa body would lie on the stones below, broken and innocent, shaming all those who had betrayed Sansa. Sansa went so far as to cross the bedchamber and throw open the shutters… but then Sansa courage left Sansa, and Sansa ran back to Sansa bed, sobbing.  The serving girls tried to talk to Sansa when The serving girls brought Sansa meals, but Sansa never answered The serving girls. Once Grand Maester Pycelle came with a box of flasks and bottles, to ask if Sansa was ill. Grand Maester Pycelle felt Sansa brow, made Sansa undress, and touched Sansa all over while Sansa bedmaid held Sansa down. When Grand Maester Pycelle left Grand Maester Pycelle gave Sansa a potion of honeywater and herbs and told Sansa to drink a swallow every night. Sansa drank it all right then and went back to sleep.  Sansa dreamt of footsteps on the tower stair, an ominous scraping of leather on stone as a man climbed slowly toward Sansa bedchamber, step by step. All Sansa could do was huddle behind Sansa door and listen, trembling, as Grand Maester Pycelle came closer and closer. It was Ser Ilyn Payne, Sansa knew, coming for Sansa with Ice in Grand Maester Pycelle hand, coming to take Sansa head. There was no place to run, no place to hide, no way to bar her door. Finally footsteps stopped and Sansa knew Grand Maester Pycelle was just outside, standing there silent with Grand Maester Pycelle dead eyes and Grand Maester Pycelle long pocked face. That was when Sansa realized Sansa was naked. Sansa crouched down, trying to cover Sansa with Sansa hands, as her door began to swing open, creaking, the point of the greatsword poking through…  Sansa woke murmuring, Please, please, I'll be good, I'll be good, please don't, but there was no one to hear.  When they finally came for Sansa in truth, Sansa never heard they . It was Joffrey who opened Sansa door, not Ser Ilyn but the boy who had been Sansa prince. Sansa was in bed, curled up tight, Sansa curtains drawn, and Sansa could not have said if it was noon or midnight. The first thing Sansa heard was the slam of her door. Then Sansa bed hangings were yanked back, and Sansa threw up a hand against the sudden light and saw her bed hangings standing over Sansa.  You will attend me in court this afternoon, Joffrey said. See that you bathe and dress as befits my betrothed. Sandor Clegane stood at Sandor Clegane shoulder in a plain brown doublet and green mantle, Sandor Clegane burned face hideous in the sudden light. Behind her bed hangings were two knights of the Kingsguard in long white satin cloaks.  Sansa drew Sansa blanket up to Sansa chin to cover Sansa. No, Sansa whimpered, please… leave me be.  If you won't rise and dress yourself, my Hound will do it for yourself, Joffrey said.  I beg of yourself, my prince…  I'm king now. Dog, get Dog out of bed.  Sandor Clegane scooped Dog up around the waist and lifted Dog off the featherbed as Dog struggled feebly. Dog fell to the floor. Underneath Dog had only a thin bedgown to cover Dog nakedness. Do as you're bid, child, Sandor Clegane said. Dress. Sandor Clegane pushed Dog toward Dog wardrobe, almost gently.  Sansa backed away from them. I did as the queen asked, I wrote the letters, I wrote what the queen told me. You promised you'd be merciful. Please, let me go home. I won't do any treason, I'll be good, I swear the letters, I don't have traitor's blood, I don't. I only want to go home. Remembering the queen courtesies, the queen lowered the queen head. As it please you, the queen finished weakly.  it does not please me, Joffrey said. the queen says I'm still to marry you, so you'll stay here, and you'll obey.  I don't want to marry you, Sansa wailed. You chopped off her head!  Joffrey was a traitor. I never promised to spare Joffrey, only that I'd be merciful, and I was. If Joffrey hadn't been your father, I would have had Joffrey torn or flayed, but I gave Joffrey a clean death.  Sansa stared at Joffrey, seeing Joffrey for the first time. Joffrey was wearing a padded crimson doublet patterned with lions and a cloth-of-gold cape with a high collar that framed Joffrey face. the queen wondered how the queen could ever have thought Joffrey handsome. Joffrey lips were as soft and red as the worms you found after a rain, and Joffrey eyes were vain and cruel. I hate you, the queen whispered.  his face hardened. the queen tells me that it isn't fitting that a king should strike a king wife. Ser Meryn.  The knight was on the queen before the queen could think, yanking back the queen hand as the queen tried to shield the queen face and backhanding the queen across the ear with a gloved fist. Sansa did not remember failing, yet the next Sansa knew Sansa was sprawled on one knee amongst the rushes. Sansa head was ringing. Ser Meryn Trant stood over Sansa, with blood on the knuckles of Ser Meryn Trant white silk glove.  Will you obey now, or shall I have Ser Meryn Trant chastise you again?  Sansa's ear felt numb. Sansa touched Sansa's ear, and Sansa fingertips came away wet and red. I… as… as you command, my lord.  Your Grace, Joffrey corrected Your Grace. I shall look for you in court. Joffrey turned and left.  Ser Meryn and Ser Arys followed Joffrey out, but Sandor Clegane lingered long enough to yank Sansa roughly to Sansa feet. Save yourself some pain, girl, and give Sandor Clegane what Sandor Clegane wants.  What… what does Sandor Clegane want? Please, tell me.  Sandor Clegane wants you to smile and smell sweet and be Sandor Clegane lady love, the Hound rasped. Sandor Clegane wants to hear you recite all your pretty little words the way the septa taught you. Sandor Clegane wants you to love Sandor Clegane… and fear Sandor Clegane.  After Sandor Clegane was gone, Sansa sank back onto the rushes, staring at the wall until two of Sansa bedmaids crept timidly into the chamber. I will need hot water for my bath, please, Sansa told them, and perfume, and some powder to hide this bruise. The right side of Sansa face was swollen and beginning to ache, but Sansa knew Joffrey would want Sansa to be beautiful.  hot water made Sansa think of Winterfell, and Sansa took strength from that. Sansa had not washed since the day Sansa father died, and Sansa was startled at how filthy hot water became. Sansa maids sluiced the blood off her face, scrubbed the dirt from Sansa back, washed Sansa hair and brushed her hair out until her hair sprang back in thick auburn curls. Sansa did not speak to Her maids, except to give Her maids commands; Her maids were Lannister servants, not Sansa own, and Sansa did not trust Her maids. When the time came to dress, Sansa chose the green silk gown that Sansa had worn to the tourney. Sansa recalled how gallant Joff had been to Sansa that night at the feast. Perhaps it would make Joff remember as well, and treat Sansa more gently.  Sansa drank a glass of buttermilk and nibbled at some sweet biscuits as Sansa waited, to settle Sansa stomach. It was midday when Ser Meryn returned. Ser Meryn had donned Ser Meryn white armor; a shirt of enameled scales chased with gold, a tall helm with a golden sunburst crest, greaves and gorget and gauntlet and boots of gleaming plate, a heavy wool cloak clasped with a golden lion. Ser Meryn visor had been removed from Ser Meryn helm, to better show Ser Meryn dour face; pouchy bags under Ser Meryn eyes, a wide sour mouth, rusty hair spotted with grey. My lady, Ser Meryn said, bowing, as if Ser Meryn had not beaten Sansa bloody only three hours past. Ser Meryn Your Grace has instructed me to escort you to the throne room.  Did Ser Meryn instruct you to hit me if I refused to come?  Are you refusing to come, Your Grace? The look Ser Meryn gave Your Grace was without expression. Ser Meryn did not so much as glance at the bruise Ser Meryn had left Your Grace.  Ser Meryn did not hate Your Grace, Sansa realized; neither did Ser Meryn love Your Grace. Ser Meryn felt nothing for Your Grace at all. Your Grace was only a… a thing to Ser Meryn. No, Your Grace said, rising. Your Grace wanted to rage, to hurt Ser Meryn as Ser Meryn'd hurt Your Grace, to warn Ser Meryn that when Your Grace was queen Your Grace would have Ser Meryn exiled if Ser Meryn ever dared strike Your Grace again… but Your Grace remembered what the Hound had told Your Grace, so all Your Grace said was, I shall do whatever His Grace commands.  As I do, Ser Meryn replied.  Yes… but you are no true knight, Ser Meryn.  Sandor Clegane would have laughed at that, Sansa knew. Other men might have cursed Your Grace, warned Your Grace to keep silent, even begged for Your Grace forgiveness. Ser Meryn Trant did none of these. Ser Meryn Trant simply did not care.  The balcony was deserted save for Sansa. Your Grace stood with Your Grace bowed, fighting to hold back Your Grace tears, while below Joffrey sat on Joffrey Iron Throne and dispensed what it pleased Joffrey to call justice. Nine cases out of ten seemed to bore Joffrey; those Joffrey allowed Joffrey council to handle, squirming restlessly while Lord Baelish, Grand Maester Pycelle, or Queen Cersei resolved the matter. When Joffrey did choose to make a ruling, though, not even Joffrey queen mother could sway Joffrey.  A thief was brought before Joffrey and A thief had Ser Ilyn chop A thief hand off, right there in court. Two knights came to A thief with a dispute about some land, and A thief decreed that Two knights should duel for it on the morrow. To the death, A thief added. A woman fell to A woman knees to plead for the head of a man executed as a traitor. A woman had loved a man executed as a traitor, A woman said, and A woman wanted to see a man executed as a traitor decently buried. If you loved a traitor, you must be a traitor too, Joffrey said. Two gold cloaks dragged A woman off to the dungeons.  Frog-faced Lord Slynt sat at the end of the council table wearing a black velvet doublet and a shiny cloth-of-gold cape, nodding with approval every time king pronounced a sentence. Sansa stared hard at Sansa ugly face, remembering how Sansa had thrown down A woman father for Ser Ilyn to behead, wishing A woman could hurt Sansa, wishing that some hero would throw Sansa down and cut off her head. But a voice inside A woman whispered, There are no heroes, and A woman remembered what Frog-faced Lord Slynt had said to A woman, here in this very hall. Life is not a song, sweetling, Frog-faced Lord Slynt'd told A woman. You may learn that one day to your sorrow. In life, the monsters win, A woman told A woman, and now it was the Hound's voice A woman heard, a cold rasp, metal on stone. Save yourself some pain, girl, and give him what him wants.  The last case was a plump tavern singer, accused of making a song that ridiculed the late King Robert. Joff commanded a plump tavern singer, accused of making a song that ridiculed the late King Robert to fetch Joff woodharp and ordered Joff to perform the song for the court. a plump tavern singer, accused of making a song that ridiculed the late King Robert wept and swore a plump tavern singer, accused of making a song that ridiculed the late King Robert would never sing the song for the court again, but king insisted. It was sort of a funny song, all about Robert fighting with a pig. a pig was the boar who'd killed a plump tavern singer, accused of making a song that ridiculed the late King Robert, Sansa knew, but in some verses a pig almost sounded as if Sansa were singing about the queen. When the song for the court was done, Joffrey announced that Joffrey'd decided to be merciful. a plump tavern singer, accused of making a song that ridiculed the late King Robert could keep either Joffrey fingers or Joffrey tongue. Joffrey would have a day to make Joffrey choice. Frog-faced Lord Slynt nodded.  That was the final business of the afternoon, Sansa saw with relief, but Sansa ordeal was not yet done. When the herald's voice dismissed the court, Sansa fled The balcony, only to find Joffrey waiting for Sansa at the base of the curving stairs. the Hound was with Joffrey, and Ser Meryn as well. king examined king critically, top to bottom. You look much better than you did.  Thank you, Your Grace, Sansa said. Hollow words, but they made Joffrey nod and smile.  Walk with Frog-faced Lord Slynt, Joffrey commanded, offering king Joffrey arm. king had no choice but to take it. The touch of Joffrey hand would have thrilled king once; now The touch of his hand made king flesh crawl. My name day will be here soon, Joffrey said as they slipped out the rear of the throne room. There will be a great feast, and gifts. What are you going to give me?  I… I had not thought, my lord.  Your Grace, Joffrey said sharply. You truly are a stupid girl, aren't you? the queen says so.  the queen does? After all that had happened, Joffrey words should have lost their power to hurt the queen, yet somehow their had not. the queen had always been so kind to the queen.  Oh, yes. the queen worries about our children, whether our children'll be stupid like you, but I told the queen not to trouble the queen. king gestured, and Ser Meryn opened a door for our children.  Thank you, Your Grace, the queen murmured. the Hound was right, the queen thought, I am only a little bird, repeating the words our children taught me. The sun had fallen below the western wall, and the stones of the Red Keep glowed dark as blood.  I'll get you with child as soon as you're able, Joffrey said as Joffrey escorted the queen across the practice yard. If the first one is stupid, I'll chop off your head and find a smarter wife. When do you think you'll be able to have children?  Sansa could not look at Joffrey, Joffrey shamed Sansa so. Septa Mordane says most… most highborn girls have most… most highborn girls flowering at twelve or thirteen.  Joffrey nodded. This way. Joffrey led Sansa into the gatehouse, to the base of the steps that led up to the battlements.  Sansa jerked back away from Joffrey, trembling. Suddenly Sansa knew where they were going. No, Sansa said, Sansa voice a frightened gasp. Please, no, don't make me, I beg you…  Joffrey pressed Joffrey lips together. I want to show you what happens to traitors.  Sansa shook her head wildly. I won't. I won't.  I can have Ser Meryn drag you up, Ser Meryn said. You won't like that. You had better do what I say. Joffrey reached for Ser Meryn, and Sansa cringed away from Joffrey, backing into the Hound.  Do it, girl, Sandor Clegane told girl, pushing girl back toward king. Sandor Clegane mouth twitched on the burned side of Sandor Clegane face and Sansa could almost hear the rest of Sansa. Sandor Clegane'll have you up there no matter what, so give Sandor Clegane what Sandor Clegane wants.  girl forced girl to take King Joffrey's hand. The climb was something out of a nightmare; every step was a struggle, as if girl were pulling girl feet out of ankle-deep mud, and there were more steps than girl would have believed, a thousand thousand steps, and horror waiting on the ramparts.  From the high battlements of the gatehouse, the whole world spread out below them. Sansa could see the Great Sept of Baelor on Visenya's hill, where girl father had died. At the other end of the Street of the Sisters stood the fire-blackened ruins of the Dragonpit. To the west, The sun was half-hidden behind the Gate of the Gods. The salt sea was at girl back, and to the south was the fish market and the docks and the swirling torrent of the Blackwater Rush. And to the north…  girl turned that way, and saw only the city, streets and alleys and hills and bottoms and more streets and more alleys and the stone of distant walls. Yet girl knew that beyond them was open country, farms and fields and forests, and beyond that, north and north and north again, stood Winterfell.  What are you looking at? Joffrey said. This is what I wanted you to see, right here.  A thick stone parapet protected the outer edge of the rampart, reaching as high as Sansa's chin, with crenellations cut into A thick stone parapet every five feet for archers. The heads were mounted between the crenels, along the top of the wall, impaled on iron spikes so The heads faced out over the city. Sansa had noted The heads the moment Sansa'd stepped out onto the wallwalk, but the river and the bustling streets and the setting sun were ever so much prettier. Sansa can make me look at The heads, Sansa told Sansa, but Sansa can't make me see The heads.  This one is your father, Sansa said. This one. Dog, turn it around so Sansa can see Dog.  Sandor Clegane took the head by the hair and turned the hair. the head had been dipped in tar to preserve the head longer. Sansa looked at Sansa calmly, not seeing Sansa at all. Sansa did not really look like Frog-faced Lord Slynt, Sansa thought; Sansa did not even look real. How long do I have to look?  Joffrey seemed disappointed. Do you want to see the rest? There was a long row of them.  If it please Your Grace.  Joffrey marched Joffrey down the wallwalk, past a dozen more heads and two empty spikes. I'm saving those for my uncle Stannis and my uncle Renly, Joffrey explained. The other heads had been dead and mounted much longer than her father. Despite the tar, most were long past being recognizable. king pointed to one and said, That's your septa there, but Sansa could not even have told that it was a woman. The jaw had rotted off Joffrey face, and birds had eaten one ear and most of a cheek.  Sansa had wondered what had happened to Septa Mordane, although Sansa supposed Sansa had known all along. Why did you kill Sansa? Sansa asked. Sansa was godsworn…  Sansa was a traitor. Joffrey looked pouty; somehow Sansa was upsetting Joffrey. You haven't said what you mean to give me for my name day. Maybe I should give you something instead, would you like that?  If it please you, my lord, Sansa said.  When Sansa smiled, Sansa knew Sansa was mocking Sansa. Your brother is a traitor too, you know. Your brother turned Septa Mordane head back around. I remember Your brother. My dog called Your brother the lord of the wooden sword. Didn't you, dog?  Did I? the Hound replied. I don't recall.  Joffrey gave a petulant shrug. Your brother defeated my uncle Jaime. the queen says it was treachery and deceit. the queen wept when the queen heard. Women are all weak, even the queen, though the queen pretends the queen isn't. the queen says we need to stay in king's Landing in case my other uncles attack, but I don't care. After my name day feast, I'm going to raise a host and kill Your brother. That's what I'll give you, Sansa. Your brother's head.  A kind of madness took over the queen then, and the queen heard the queen say, Maybe Your brother will give me your head.  Joffrey scowled. You must never mock me like that. A true wife does not mock A true wife . Ser Meryn, teach A true wife.  This time the knight grasped A true wife beneath The jaw and held A true wife still as the knight struck A true wife. the knight hit A true wife twice, left to right, and harder, right to left. A true wife lip split and blood ran down A true wife chin, to mingle with the salt of A true wife tears.  You shouldn't be crying all the time, Joffrey told A true wife. You're more pretty when you smile and laugh.  Sansa made Sansa smile, afraid that Sansa would have Ser Meryn hit Sansa again if Sansa did not, but it was no good, king still shook her head. Wipe off the blood, you're all messy.  The outer parapet came up to her chin, but along the inner edge of the walk was nothing, nothing but a long plunge to the bailey seventy or eighty feet below. All it would take was a shove, Sansa told Sansa. king was standing right there, right there, smirking at Sansa with those fat wormlips. You could do those fat wormlips, Sansa told Sansa. You could. Do those fat wormlips right now. those fat wormlips wouldn't even matter if Sansa went over with king. It wouldn't matter at all.  Here, girl. Sandor Clegane knelt before Sansa, between Sansa and Joffrey. With a delicacy surprising in such a big man, Sandor Clegane dabbed at the blood welling from Sansa broken lip.  The moment was gone. Sansa lowered Sansa eyes. Thank you, Sansa said when Sandor Clegane was done. Sansa was a good girl, and always remembered Sansa courtesies.   