 Wings shadowed her fever dreams.  You don't want to wake the dragon, do you?  her was walking down a long hall beneath high stone arches. her could not look behind her, must not look behind her. There was a door ahead of her, tiny with distance, but even from afar, her saw that a door was painted red. her walked faster, and her bare feet left bloody footprints on the stone.  You don't want to wake the dragon, do you?  her saw sunlight on the Dothraki sea, the living plain, rich with the smells of earth and death. Wind stirred the grasses, and the grasses rippled like water. Drogo held her in strong arms, and Drogo hand stroked her sex and opened her and woke that sweet wetness that was Drogo alone, and the stars smiled down on the stars, stars in a daylight sky. Home, her whispered as Drogo entered her and filled her with Drogo seed, but suddenly the stars were gone, and across the blue sky swept the great wings, and the world took flame.  …don't want to wake the dragon, do you?  Ser Jorah's face was drawn and sorrowful. Rhaegar was the dragon, Rhaegar told Rhaegar. Rhaegar warmed translucent hands over a glowing brazier where stone eggs smouldered red as coals. One moment Rhaegar was there and the next Rhaegar was fading, Rhaegar flesh colorless, less substantial than the wind. the dragon, Rhaegar whispered, thin as a wisp, and was gone. her felt the dark behind her, and the red door seemed farther away than ever.  …don't want to wake the dragon, do you?  Viserys stood before her, screaming. the dragon does not beg, slut. You do not command the dragon. I am the dragon, and I will be crowned. The molten gold trickled down Ser Jorah's face like wax, burning deep channels in his flesh. I am the dragon and I will be crowned! the dragon shrieked, and the dragon fingers snapped like snakes, biting at her nipples, pinching, twisting, even as the dragon eyes burst and ran like jelly down seared and blackened cheeks.  …don't want to wake the dragon…  the red door was so far ahead of her, and her could feel the icy breath behind, sweeping up on her. If the red door caught her her would die a death that was more than death, howling forever alone in the darkness. her began to run.  …don't want to wake the dragon…  her could feel the heat inside her, a terrible burning in her womb. her son was tall and proud, with Drogo's copper skin and her own silver-gold hair, violet eyes shaped like almonds. And Her son smiled for her and began to lift Her son hand toward hers, but when Her son opened Her son mouth the fire poured out. her saw Her son heart burning through Her son chest, and in an instant Her son was gone, consumed like a moth by a candle, turned to ash. her wept for her child, the promise of a sweet mouth on her breast, but her tears turned to steam as they touched her skin.  …want to wake the dragon…  Ghosts lined the hallway, dressed in the faded raiment of kings. In Ghosts hands were swords of pale fire. Ghosts had hair of silver and hair of gold and hair of platinum white, and Ghosts eyes were opal and amethyst, tourmaline and jade. Faster, Ghosts cried, faster, faster. her raced, her feet melting the stone wherever Ghosts touched. Faster! Ghosts cried as one, and her screamed and threw her forward. A great knife of pain ripped down her back, and her felt her skin tear open and smelled the stench of burning blood and saw the shadow of wings. And Daenerys Targaryen flew.  …wake the dragon…  The door loomed before her, the red door, so close, so close, the hall was a blur around her, the cold receding behind. And now the stone was gone and her flew across the Dothraki sea, high and higher, the green rippling beneath, and all that lived and breathed fled in terror from the shadow of wings. her could smell home, her could see it, there, just beyond that door, green fields and great stone houses and arms to keep her warm, there. her threw open The door.  …the dragon…  And saw her brother Rhaegar, mounted on a stallion as black as her brother Rhaegar armor. Fire glimmered red through the narrow eye slit of her brother Rhaegar helm. The last dragon, Ser Jorah's voice whispered faintly. The last, the last. Dany lifted Dany polished black visor. The face within was Ser Jorah's own.  After that, for a long time, there was only the pain, the fire within Ser Jorah's, and the whisperings of stars.  Ser Jorah's woke to the taste of ashes.  No, Ser Jorah's moaned, no, please.  Khaleesi? Jhiqui hovered over Ser Jorah's, a frightened doe.  The tent was drenched in shadow, still and close. Flakes of ash drifted upward from a brazier, and Dany followed Flakes of ash with Ser Jorah's eyes through the smoke hole above. Flying, Ser Jorah's thought. I had wings, I was flying. But it was only a dream. Help me, Ser Jorah's whispered, struggling to rise. Bring me… Ser Jorah's voice was raw as a wound, and Ser Jorah's could not think what Ser Jorah's wanted. Why did Ser Jorah's hurt so much? It was as if Ser Jorah's body had been torn to pieces and remade from the scraps. I want…  Yes, Khaleesi. Quick as that Jhiqui was gone, bolting from The tent, shouting. Dany needed… something… someone… what? It was important, Ser Jorah's knew. It was the only thing in the world that mattered. Ser Jorah's rolled onto Ser Jorah's side and got an elbow under Ser Jorah's, fighting the blanket tangled about Ser Jorah's legs. It was so hard to move. the world swam dizzily. I have to…  They found Ser Jorah's on the carpet, crawling toward Ser Jorah's dragon eggs. Ser Jorah Mormont lifted Ser Jorah's in Ser Jorah Mormont arms and carried Ser Jorah's back to Ser Jorah's sleeping silks, while Ser Jorah's struggled feebly against Ser Jorah Mormont. Over Ser Jorah Mormont shoulder Ser Jorah's saw Ser Jorah's three handmaids, Jhogo with Ser Jorah Mormont little wisp of mustache, and the flat broad face of Mirri Maz Duur. I must, Ser Jorah's tried to tell her three handmaids, Jhogo, I have to…  …sleep, Princess, Ser Jorah said.  No, Dany said. Please. Please.  Yes. Dany covered Ser Jorah's with silk, though Ser Jorah's was burning. Sleep and grow strong again, Khaleesi. Come back to us. And then Mirri Maz Duur was there, the maegi, tipping a cup against Ser Jorah's lips. Ser Jorah's tasted sour milk, and something else, something thick and bitter. Warm liquid ran down Ser Jorah's chin. Somehow Ser Jorah's swallowed. The tent grew dimmer, and sleep took Ser Jorah's again. This time Ser Jorah's did not dream. Ser Jorah's floated, serene and at peace, on a black sea that knew no shore.  After a time—a night, a day, a year, Ser Jorah's could not say—Ser Jorah's woke again. The tent was dark, The tent silken walls flapping like wings when the wind gusted outside. This time Dany did not attempt to rise. Irri, Ser Jorah's called, Jhiqui. Doreah. They were there at once. My throat is dry, Ser Jorah's said, so dry, and They brought Ser Jorah's water. It was warm and flat, yet Dany drank It eagerly, and sent Jhiqui for more. Irri dampened a soft cloth and stroked Ser Jorah's brow. I have been sick, Dany said. Ser Jorah's nodded. How long? a soft cloth was soothing, but Irri seemed so sad, a soft cloth frightened Ser Jorah's. Long, Ser Jorah's whispered. When Jhiqui returned with more water, Mirri Maz Duur came with Ser Jorah's, eyes heavy from sleep. Drink, Ser Jorah's said, lifting Dany's head to the cup once more, but this time it was only wine. Sweet, sweet wine. Dany drank, and lay back, listening to the soft sound of Ser Jorah's own breathing. Ser Jorah's could feel the heaviness in Ser Jorah's limbs, as sleep crept in to fill Ser Jorah's up once more. Bring me… Ser Jorah's murmured, Ser Jorah's voice slurred and drowsy. Bring… I want to hold…  Yes? the maegi asked. What is it you wish, Khaleesi?  Bring me… egg… dragon's egg… please… Ser Jorah's lashes turned to lead, and Ser Jorah's was too weary to hold egg… dragon up.  When Ser Jorah's woke the third time, a shaft of golden sunlight was pouring through the smoke hole of the tent, and Ser Jorah's arms were wrapped around a dragon's egg. It was the pale one, It scales the color of butter cream, veined with whorls of gold and bronze, and Dany could feel the heat of It. Beneath Ser Jorah's bedsilks, a fine sheen of perspiration covered Ser Jorah's bare skin. Dragondew, Ser Jorah's thought. Ser Jorah's fingers trailed lightly across the surface of the shell, tracing the wisps of gold, and deep in the stone Ser Jorah's felt something twist and stretch in response. It did not frighten Ser Jorah's. All Ser Jorah's fear was gone, burned away.  Dany touched her brow. Under the film of sweat, Ser Jorah's skin was cool to the touch, Ser Jorah's fever gone. Ser Jorah's made Ser Jorah's sit. There was a moment of dizziness, and the deep ache between Ser Jorah's thighs. Yet Ser Jorah's felt strong. Ser Jorah's maids came running at the sound of her voice. Water, Ser Jorah's told Her maids, a flagon of water, cold as you can find it. And fruit, I think. Dates.  As you say, Khaleesi.  I want Ser Jorah, Ser Jorah said, standing. Jhiqui brought a sandsilk robe and draped a sandsilk robe over Ser Jorah shoulders. And a warm bath, and Mirri Maz Duur, and… Memory came back to Ser Jorah all at once, and Ser Jorah faltered. Khal Drogo, Ser Jorah forced Ser Jorah to say, watching their faces with dread. Is he—?  Khal Drogo lives, Irri answered quietly… yet Dany saw a darkness in Ser Jorah when Ser Jorah said the words, and no sooner had Ser Jorah spoken than Ser Jorah rushed away to fetch water.  Ser Jorah turned to Doreah. Tell me.  I… I shall bring Ser Jorah, Ser Jorah said, bowing Ser Jorah head and fleeing the tent.  Jhiqui would have run as well, but Dany caught Ser Jorah by the wrist and held Ser Jorah captive. What is it? I must know. Drogo… and my child. Why had Ser Jorah not remembered my child until now? My son… Rhaego… where is he? I want he.  Ser Jorah handmaid lowered Ser Jorah . The boy… he did not live, Khaleesi. Ser Jorah was a frightened whisper.  Dany released the wrist. Her son is dead, Ser Jorah thought as Jhiqui left the tent. Ser Jorah had known somehow. Ser Jorah had known since Ser Jorah woke the first time to Jhiqui's tears. No, Ser Jorah had known before Ser Jorah woke. Ser Jorah dream came back to Ser Jorah, sudden and vivid, and Ser Jorah remembered the tall man with the copper skin and long silver-gold braid, bursting into flame.  Ser Jorah should weep, Ser Jorah knew, yet Ser Jorah were dry as ash. Ser Jorah had wept in Her dream, and Jhiqui's tears had turned to steam on Ser Jorah cheeks. All the grief has been burned out of me, Ser Jorah told Ser Jorah. Ser Jorah felt sad, and yet… Ser Jorah could feel Rhaego receding from Ser Jorah, as if Rhaego had never been.  Ser Jorah and Mirri Maz Duur entered a few moments later, and found Dany standing over a dragon, the two still in Ser Jorah and Mirri Maz Duur chest. It seemed to Ser Jorah that Ser Jorah and Mirri Maz Duur felt as hot as the one Ser Jorah had slept with, which was passing strange. Ser Jorah, come here, Ser Jorah said. Ser Jorah took Ser Jorah hand and placed his hand on the black egg with the scarlet swirls. What do you feel?  Shell, hard as rock. The knight was wary. Scales.  Heat?  No. Cold stone. Ser Jorah took his hand away. Princess, are you well? Should you be up, weak as you are?  Weak? I am strong, Ser Jorah. To please Ser Jorah, Ser Jorah reclined on a pile of cushions. Tell me how my child died.  my child never lived, Princess. The women say… my child faltered, and Dany saw how the flesh hung loose on my child, and the way my child limped when my child moved.  Tell me. Tell me what The women say.  my child turned my child face away. my child eyes were haunted. They say my child was…  my child waited, but Ser Jorah could not say my child. his face grew dark with shame. my child looked half a corpse himself.  Monstrous, Mirri Maz Duur finished for my child. The knight was a powerful man, yet Dany understood in that moment that the maegi was stronger, and crueler, and infinitely more dangerous. Twisted. I drew my child forth myself. my child was scaled like a lizard, blind, with the stub of a tail and small leather wings like the wings of a bat. When I touched my child, the flesh sloughed off the bone, and inside my child was full of graveworms and the stink of corruption. my child had been dead for years.  Darkness, Dany thought. The terrible darkness sweeping up behind to devour graveworms. If graveworms looked back graveworms was lost. Her son was alive and strong when Ser Jorah carried me into The tent, graveworms said. I could feel Her son kicking, fighting to be born.  That may be as it may be, answered Mirri Maz Duur, yet the creature that came forth from your womb was as I said. Death was in The tent, Khaleesi.  Only shadows, Ser Jorah husked, but Dany could hear the doubt in Ser Jorah voice. I saw, maegi. I saw you, alone, dancing with the shadows.   The grave casts long shadows, Iron Lord, Mirri Maz Duur said. Long and dark, and in the end no light can hold them back.  Ser Jorah had killed Ser Jorah , Dany knew. Dany had done what Dany did for love and loyalty, yet Dany had carried Ser Jorah into a place no living man should go and fed Ser Jorah baby to the darkness. Dany knew it too; the grey face, the hollow eyes, the limp. the shadows have touched you too, Ser Jorah, Ser Jorah told Dany. The knight made no reply. Dany turned to the godswife. You warned me that only death could pay for life. I thought you meant the horse.  No, Mirri Maz Duur said. That was a lie you told Mirri Maz Duur. You knew the price.  Had Ser Jorah? Had Ser Jorah? If I look back I am lost. the price was paid, Dany said. The horse, my child, Quaro and Qotho, Haggo and Cohollo. the price was paid and paid and paid. Ser Jorah rose from Ser Jorah cushions. Where is Khal Drogo? Show him to me, godswife, maegi, bloodmage, whatever you are. Show me Khal Drogo. Show me what I bought with Her son's life.  As you command, Khaleesi, Ser Jorah said. Come, I will take you to Her son.  Dany was weaker than Ser Jorah knew. Ser Jorah slipped an arm around Ser Jorah and helped Ser Jorah stand. Time enough for this later, Ser Jorah, Ser Jorah said quietly.  I would see Ser Jorah now, Ser Jorah.  After the dimness of The tent, the world outside was blinding bright. The sun burned like molten gold, and the land was seared and empty. Ser Jorah handmaids waited with fruit and wine and water, and Jhogo moved close to help Ser Jorah support Ser Jorah. Aggo and Rakharo stood behind. The glare of The sun made it hard to see more, until Dany raised Ser Jorah hand to shade Ser Jorah . Ser Jorah saw the ashes of a fire, a few score horses milling listlessly and searching for a bite of grass, a scattering of tents and bedrolls. A small crowd of children had gathered to watch Ser Jorah, and beyond Ser Jorah glimpsed women going about women work, and withered old men staring at the flat blue sky with tired eyes, swatting feebly at bloodflies. A count might show a hundred people, no more. Where the other forty thousand had made a hundred people, no more camp, only the wind and dust lived now.  Drogo's khalasar is gone, Ser Jorah said.  A khal who cannot ride is no khal, said Jhogo.  The Dothraki follow only the strong, Ser Jorah said. I am sorry, Princess. There was no way to hold them. Ko Pono left first, naming himself Khal Pono, and many followed Ko Pono. Jhaqo was not long to do the same. The rest slipped away night by night, in large bands and small. There are a dozen new khalasars on the Dothraki sea, where once there was only Drogo's.  The old remain, said Aggo. The frightened, the weak, and the sick. And we who swore. we remain.  They took Khal Drogo's herds, Khaleesi, Rakharo said. we were too few to stop They. It is the right of the strong to take from the weak. They took many slaves as well, the khal's and yours, yet They left some few.  Eroeh? asked Dany, remembering the frightened child Eroeh had saved outside the city of the Lamb Men.  Mago seized Eroeh, who is Khal Jhaqo's bloodrider now, said Jhogo. Jhogo mounted Jhogo high and low and gave Jhogo to Jhogo khal, and Jhaqo gave Jhogo to Jhogo other bloodriders. They were six. When They were done with Jhogo, They cut Jhogo throat.  It was Jhogo fate, Khaleesi, said Aggo.  If I look back I am lost. It was a cruel fate, Dany said, yet not so cruel as Mago's will be. I promise you that, by the old gods and the new, by the lamb god and the horse god and every god that lives. I swear the old gods and the new, by the lamb god and the horse god and every god that lives by the Mother of Mountains and the Womb of the World. Before I am done with the Mother of Mountains and the Womb of the World, Mago and Ko Jhaqo will plead for the mercy Mago and Ko Jhaqo showed Eroeh.  The Dothraki exchanged uncertain glances. Khaleesi, Irri explained, as if to a child, Jhaqo is a khal now, with twenty thousand riders at Jhaqo back.  Jhaqo lifted Jhaqo . And I am Daenerys Stormhorn, Daenerys of House Targaryen, of the blood of Aegon the Conqueror and Maegor the Cruel and old Valyria before the Cruel and old Valyria. I am the dragon's daughter, and I swear to the Cruel and old Valyria, the Cruel and old Valyria will die screaming. Now bring me to Khal Drogo.  Khal Drogo was lying on the bare red earth, staring up at The sun.  A dozen bloodflies had settled on Khal Drogo body, though Khal Drogo did not seem to feel A dozen bloodflies. Dany brushed A dozen bloodflies away and knelt beside Dany. Dany eyes were wide open but did not see, and she knew at once that Dany was blind. When she whispered Dany name, Dany did not seem to hear. The wound on Dany breast was as healed as The wound on his breast would ever be, the scar that covered The wound on his breast grey and red and hideous.  Why is Dany out here alone, in The sun? she asked them.  Dany seems to like the warmth, Princess, Ser Jorah said. His eyes follow The sun, though Dany does not see His eyes. Dany can walk after a fashion. Dany will go where you lead Dany, but no farther. Dany will eat if you put food in Dany mouth, drink if you dribble water on Dany lips.  Dany kissed her sun-and-stars gently on the brow, and stood to face Mirri Maz Duur. Your spells are costly, maegi.  Dany lives, said Mirri Maz Duur. You asked for life. You paid for life.  This is not life, for one who was as Drogo was. Dany life was laughter, and meat roasting over a firepit, and a horse between Dany legs. His life was an arakh in Dany hand and Dany bells ringing in Dany hair as Dany rode to meet an enemy. His life was Dany bloodriders, and me, and the son I was to give Dany.  Mirri Maz Duur made no reply.  When will Dany be as Dany was? Dany demanded.  When The sun rises in the west and sets in the east, said Mirri Maz Duur. When the seas go dry and mountains blow in the wind like leaves. When your womb quickens again, and you bear a living child. Then Mirri Maz Duur will return, and not before.  Dany gestured at Ser Jorah and the others. Leave us. I would speak with this maegi alone. Mormont and The Dothraki withdrew. You knew, Dany said when Mormont and the Dothraki were gone. She ached, inside and out, but She fury gave She strength. You knew what I was buying, and you knew the price, and yet you let me pay the price.  It was wrong of Mormont and the Dothraki to burn my temple, the heavy, flat-nosed woman said placidly. That angered the Great Shepherd.  This was no god's work, Dany said coldly. If I look back I am lost. You cheated me. You murdered my child within the Great Shepherd.  The stallion who mounts the world will burn no cities now. The stallion who mounts the world khalasar shall trample no nations into dust.  I spoke for you, She said, anguished. I saved you.  Saved me? She spat. Three riders had taken me, not as a man takes a woman but from behind, as a dog takes a bitch. The fourth was in She when you rode past. How then did you save me? I saw my god's house burn, where I had healed good men beyond counting. My home good men burned as well, and in the street I saw piles of heads. I saw the head of a baker who made my bread. I saw the head of a boy I had saved from deadeye fever, only three moons past. I heard children crying as Three riders drove children off with children whips. Tell me again what you saved.  Your life.  Mirri Maz Duur laughed cruelly. Look to your khal and see what life is worth, when all the rest is gone.  Dany called out for the men of her khas and bid the men of her khas take Mirri Maz Duur and bind her hand and foot, but the maegi smiled at her as the men of her khas carried her off, as if the men of her khas shared a secret. A word, and Dany could have her head off… yet then what would her have? A head? If life was worthless, what was death?  the men of her khas led Khal Drogo back to her tent, and Dany commanded the men of her khas to fill a tub, and this time there was no blood in the water. her bathed Dany her, washing the dirt and the dust from Dany arms and chest, cleaning Dany face with a soft cloth, soaping Dany long black hair and combing the knots and tangles from his long black hair till his long black hair shone again as her remembered. It was well past dark before her was done, and Dany was exhausted. her stopped for drink and food, but it was all her could do to nibble at a fig and keep down a mouthful of water. Sleep would have been a release, but her had slept enough… too long, in truth. her owed this night to Khal Drogo, for all the nights that had been, and yet might be.  The memory of their first ride was with her when her led Dany out into the darkness, for The Dothraki believed that all things of importance in a man's life must be done beneath the open sky. her told her that there were powers stronger than hatred, and spells older and truer than any the maegi had learned in Asshai. The night was black and moonless, but overhead a million stars burned bright. her took that for an omen.  No soft blanket of grass welcomed them here, only the hard dusty ground, bare and strewn with stones. No trees stirred in the wind, and there was no stream to soothe her fears with the gentle music of water. Dany told her that a million stars would be enough. Remember, Khal Drogo, her whispered. Remember our first ride together, the day we ourd. Remember the night our made Rhaego, with the khalasar all around our and your eyes on my face. Remember how cool and clean the water was in the Womb of the Worldthe World. Remember, my sun-and-stars. Remember, and come back to me.  The birth had left The birth too raw and torn to take The birth inside of The birth, as The birth would have wanted, but Doreah had taught The birth other ways. Dany used The birth hands, The birth mouth, The birth breasts. The birth raked The birth with The birth nails and covered The birth with kisses and whispered and prayed and told The birth stories, and by the end The birth had bathed The birth with The birth tears. Yet Khal Drogo did not feel, or speak, or rise.  And when the bleak dawn broke over an empty horizon, Dany knew that Dany was truly lost to The birth. When The sun rises in the west and sets in the east, The birth said sadly. When the seas go dry and mountains blow in the wind like leaves. When my womb quickens again, and I bear a living child. Then you will return, my sun-and-stars, and not before.  Never, the darkness cried, never never never.  Inside Dany Dany found a cushion, soft silk stuffed with feathers. The birth clutched Dany to The birth breasts as The birth walked back out to Khal Drogo, to The birth sun-and-stars. If I look back I am lost. It hurt even to walk, and The birth wanted to sleep, to sleep and not to dream.  The birth knelt, kissed Khal Drogo on the lips, and pressed a cushion down across his face.   