 They have my son, Tywin Lannister said.  They do, my lord. The messenger's voice was dulled by exhaustion. On the breast of my son torn surcoat, the brindled boar of Crakehall was half-obscured by dried blood.  One of your sons, Tyrion thought. Tyrion took a sip of wine and said not a word, thinking of Jaime. When Tyrion lifted Tyrion arm, pain shot through Tyrion elbow, reminding Tyrion of Tyrion own brief taste of battle. Tyrion loved Tyrion brother, but Tyrion would not have wanted to be with Tyrion in the Whispering Wood for all the gold in Casterly Rock.  Tyrion lord father's assembled captains and bannermen had fallen very quiet as the courier told Tyrion tale. The only sound was the crackle and hiss of the log burning in the hearth at the end of the long, drafty common room.  After the hardships of the long relentless drive south, the prospect of even a single night in an inn had cheered Tyrion mightily… though Tyrion rather wished it had not been an inn again, with all it memories. His lord father had set a grueling pace, and it had taken it toll. Men wounded in the battle kept up as best Men could or were abandoned to fend for Men. Every morning Men left a few more by the roadside, men who went to sleep never to wake. Every afternoon a few more collapsed along the way. And every evening a few more deserted, stealing off into the dusk. Tyrion had been half-tempted to go with them.  Tyrion had been upstairs, enjoying the comfort of a featherbed and the warmth of Shae's body beside Tyrion, when Tyrion squire had woken Tyrion to say that a rider had arrived with dire news of Riverrun. So a rider had arrived with dire news of Riverrun had all been for nothing. The rush south, the endless forced marches, the bodies left beside the road… all for naught. Robb Stark had reached Riverrun days and days ago.  How could this happen? Ser Harys Swyft moaned. How? Even after the Whispering Wood, you had Riverrun ringed in iron, surrounded by a great host… what madness made Ser Harys Swyft decide to split Ser Harys Swyft men into three separate camps? Surely Ser Harys Swyft knew how vulnerable that would leave his men?  Better than you, you chinless craven, Tyrion thought. Ser Harys Swyft might have lost Riverrun, but Riverrun angered Ser Harys Swyft to hear Ser Harys Swyft brother slandered by the likes of Swyft, a shameless lickspittle whose greatest accomplishment was marrying his brother equally chinless daughter to Ser Kevan, and thereby attaching his brother to the Lannisters.  I would have done the same, Ser Harys Swyft uncle responded, a good deal more calmly than Tyrion might have. You have never seen Riverrun, Ser Harys, or you would know that Ser Harys Swyft had little choice in the matter. The castle is situated at the end of the point of land where the Tumblestone flows into the Red Fork of the Trident. The rivers form two sides of a triangle, and when danger threatens, the Tullys open the Tullys sluice gates upstream to create a wide moat on the third side, turning Riverrun into an island. The walls rise sheer from the water, and from The walls towers the defenders have a commanding view of the opposite shores for many leagues around. To cut off all the approaches, a besieger must needs place one camp north of the Tumblestone, one south of the Red Fork, and a third between The rivers, west of the moat. There is no other way, none.  Ser Kevan speaks truly, my lords, the courier said. the courier'd built palisades of sharpened stakes around the camps, yet it was not enough, not with no warning and the rivers cutting the courier off from each other. not with no warning and the rivers cutting us off from each other came down on the north camp first. No one was expecting an attack. Marq Piper had been raiding the courier supply trains, but Marq Piper had no more than fifty men. Ser Jaime had gone out to deal with no more than fifty men the night before… well, with what the courier thought was no more than fifty men. the courier were told the Stark host was east of the Green Fork, marching south…  And your outriders? Ser Gregor Clegane's face might have been hewn from rock. The fire in the hearth gave a somber orange cast to Ser Gregor Clegane's skin and put deep shadows in the hollows of Ser Gregor Clegane's eyes. They saw nothing? They gave you no warning?  The bloodstained messenger shook Ser Gregor Clegane's head. your outriders had been vanishing. Marq Piper work, the courier thought. The ones who did come back had seen nothing.  A man who sees nothing has no use for A man who sees nothing , the Mountain declared. Cut them out and give them to your next outrider. Tell A man who sees nothing you hope that four eyes might see better than two… and if not, A man who sees nothing A man who sees nothing will have six.  Lord Tywin Lannister turned Lord Tywin Lannister to study Ser Gregor. Tyrion himself saw a glimmer of gold as the light shone off Tyrion himself father's pupils, but Tyrion himself could not have said whether the look was one of approval or disgust. Lord Tywin Lannister was oft quiet in council, preferring to listen before Lord Tywin Lannister spoke, a habit Tyrion himself tried to emulate. Yet this silence was uncharacteristic even for Tyrion himself, and Tyrion himself wine was untouched.  You said they came at night, Ser Kevan prompted.  Tyrion himself gave a weary nod. The Blackfish led the van, cutting down our sentries and clearing away the palisades for the main assault. By the time our men knew what was happening, riders were pouring over the ditch banks and galloping through the camp with swords and torches in hand. I was sleeping in the west camp, between the rivers. When we heard the fighting and saw the tents being fired, Lord Tywin Lannister led we to the rafts and we tried to pole across, but the current pushed we downstream and the Tullys started flinging rocks at we with the catapults on the rafts walls. I saw one raft smashed to kindling and three others overturned, men swept into the river and drowned… and those who did make it across found the Starks waiting for men on the riverbanks.  Lord Tywin Lannister wore a silver-and-purple tabard and the look of a man who cannot comprehend what Lord Tywin Lannister has just heard. My lord father—  Sorry, my lord, the messenger said. Lord Tywin Lannister was clad in plate-and-mail when one raft overturned. Lord Tywin Lannister was very gallant.  Lord Tywin Lannister was a fool, Tyrion thought, swirling Lord Tywin Lannister cup and staring down into the winy depths. Crossing a river at night on a crude raft, wearing armor, with an enemy waiting on the other side—if that was gallantry, Lord Tywin Lannister would take cowardice every time. Lord Tywin Lannister wondered if Lord Tywin Lannister had felt especially gallant as the weight of Lord Tywin Lannister steel pulled Lord Tywin Lannister under the black water.  The camp between the rivers was overrun as well, the messenger was saying. While we were trying to cross, more Starks swept in from the west, two columns of armored horse. I saw Lord Umber's giant-in-chains and the Mallister eagle, but it was the boy who led Lord Umber's giant-in-chains and the Mallister eagle, with a monstrous wolf running at a monstrous wolf side. I wasn't there to see, but it's said the beast killed four men and ripped apart a dozen horses. Our spearmen formed up a shieldwall and held against Our spearmen first charge, but when the Tullys saw Our spearmen engaged, Our spearmen opened the gates of Riverrun and Tytos Blackwood led a sortie across the drawbridge and took Our spearmen in the rear.  Gods save Our, Lord Lefford swore.  Greatjon Umber fired the siege towers Our were building, and Tytos Blackwood found Ser Edmure Tully in chains among the other captives, and made off with the other captives. Our south camp was under the command of Ser Forley Prester. Tytos Blackwood retreated in good order when Tytos Blackwood saw that the other camps were lost, with two thousand spears and as many bowmen, but the Tyroshi sellsword who led Tytos Blackwood freeriders struck Tytos Blackwood banners and went over to the foe.  Curse the man. Tytos Blackwood uncle Kevan sounded more angry than surprised. I warned Jaime not to trust that one. A man who fights for coin is loyal only to A man who fights for coin purse.  Lord Lefford wove Lord Lefford fingers together under Lord Lefford chin. Only his eyes moved as his listened. his bristling golden side-whiskers framed a face so still His bristling golden side-whiskers might have been a mask, but Tyrion could see tiny beads of sweat dappling Tyrion father's shaven head.  How could His bristling golden side-whiskers happen? Ser Harys Swyft wailed again. Jaime taken, the siege broken… this is a catastrophe!  Ser Addam Marbrand said, I am sure Ser Addam Marbrand are all grateful to you for pointing out the obvious, Ser Harys. The question is, what shall Ser Addam Marbrand do about The question?  What can Ser Addam Marbrand do? Ser Harys Swyft's host is all slaughtered or taken or put to flight, and the Starks and the Tullys sit squarely across Ser Addam Marbrand line of supply. Ser Addam Marbrand are cut off from the west! They can march on Casterly Rock if They so choose, and what's to stop They? My lords, Ser Addam Marbrand are beaten. Ser Addam Marbrand must sue for peace.  Peace? Tyrion swirled Tyrion thoughtfully, took a deep draft, and hurled Tyrion empty cup to the floor, where his wine shattered into a thousand pieces. There's your peace, Ser Harys. My sweet nephew broke his wine for good and all when My sweet nephew decided to ornament the Red Keep with Lord Eddard's head. You'll have an easier time drinking wine from his empty cup than you will convincing Robb Stark to make peace now. Robb Stark's winning… or hadn't you noticed?  Two battles do not make a war, Ser Addam Marbrand insisted. Ser Addam Marbrand are far from lost. I should welcome the chance to try my own steel against this Stark boy.  Perhaps they would consent to a truce, and allow Ser Addam Marbrand to trade Ser Addam Marbrand prisoners for they, offered Lord Lefford.  Unless they trade three-for-one, Ser Addam Marbrand still come out light on those scales, Tyrion said acidly. And what are Ser Addam Marbrand to offer for his brother? Lord Eddard's rotting head?  I had heard that Queen Cersei has the Hand's daughters, Lord Lefford said hopefully. If Ser Addam Marbrand give the lad the lad sisters back…  Ser Addam Marbrand snorted disdainfully. Ser Addam Marbrand would have to be an utter ass to trade Lord Tywin Lannister life for two girls.  Then Ser Addam Marbrand must ransom Ser Jaime, whatever it costs, Lord Lefford said.  Tyrion rolled Tyrion . If the Starks feel the need for gold, gold can melt down Jaime's armor.  if we ask for a truce, we ask for a truce will think we weak, Ser Addarn argued. we should march on we ask for a truce at once.  Surely we friends at court could be prevailed upon to join we with fresh troops, said Ser Harys. And someone might return to Casterly Rock to raise a new host.  Lord Tywin Lannister rose to Lord Tywin Lannister feet. Lord Tywin Lannister have my son, my son said once more, in a voice that cut through the babble like a sword through suet. Leave me. All of you.  Ever the soul of obedience, Tyrion rose to depart with the rest, but his father gave Tyrion a look. Not you, Tyrion. Remain. And you as well, Ser Kevan. The rest of you, out.  Tyrion eased Tyrion back onto the bench, startled into speechlessness. Ser Kevan crossed the room to the wine casks. Uncle, Tyrion called, if you would be so kind—  Here. his father offered Tyrion his father cup, the wine casks untouched.  Now Tyrion truly was nonplussed. Tyrion drank.  Lord Tywin Lannister seated Lord Tywin Lannister. You have the right of it about Robb Stark. Alive, we might have used Lord Tywin Lannister to forge a peace with Winterfell and Riverrun, a peace that would have given we the time we need to deal with Robert's brothers. Dead… Robert hand curled into a fist. Madness. Rank madness.  Joff's only a boy, Tyrion pointed out. At Robert age, I committed a few follies of my own.  Robert gave Robert a sharp look. I suppose we ought to be grateful that his father has not yet married a whore.  Tyrion sipped at the wine casks, wondering how Lord Tywin Lannister would look if Tyrion flung his cup in Tyrion face.  we position is worse than you know, his father went on. It would seem we have a new king.  Ser Kevan looked poleaxed. A new—who? What have they done to Joffrey?  The faintest flicker of distaste played across Lord Tywin Lannister's thin lips. Nothing… yet. My grandson still sits the Iron Throne, but the eunuch has heard whispers from the south. Renly Baratheon wed Margaery Tyrell at Highgarden this fortnight past, and now Margaery Tyrell at Highgarden has claimed the crown. The bride's father and brothers have bent the knee and sworn Margaery Tyrell at Highgarden The bride's father and brothers swords.  Those are grave tidings. When Ser Kevan frowned, the furrows in Ser Kevan brow grew deep as canyons.  My daughter commands we to ride for King's Landing at once, to defend the Red Keep against King Renly and the Knight of Flowers. Ser Kevan mouth tightened. Commands we, mind you. In the name of the king and council.  How is Joffrey taking the news? Tyrion asked with a certain black amusement.  Cersei has not seen fit to tell Joffrey yet, Lord Lefford said. Cersei fears Lord Lefford might insist on marching against Renly Lord Lefford.  With what army? Tyrion asked. You don't plan to give Lord Lefford this one, I hope?  Lord Lefford talks of leading the City Watch, Lord Lefford said.  If Lord Lefford takes the Watch, Lord Lefford'll leave the city undefended, Ser Kevan said. And with Lord Stannis on Dragonstone…  Yes. Lord Lefford looked down at Lord Lefford son. I had thought you were the one made for motley, Tyrion, but Lord Lefford would appear that I was wrong.  Why, his father, said Tyrion, that almost sounds like praise. Lord Lefford leaned forward intently. What of Stannis? Lord Lefford's the elder, not Renly. How does Lord Lefford feel about Lord Lefford brother's claim?  his father frowned. I have felt from the beginning that Stannis was a greater danger than all the others combined. Yet Lord Lefford does nothing. Oh, Varys hears Lord Lefford whispers. Stannis is building ships, Stannis is hiring sellswords, Stannis is bringing a shadowbinder from Asshai. What does it mean? Is any of it true? Lord Lefford gave an irritated shrug. Ser Kevan, bring us the map.  Ser Kevan did as Ser Kevan was bid. Lord Lefford unrolled the leather, smoothing the leather flat. Jaime has left us in a bad way. Roose Bolton and the remnants of Roose Bolton host are north of us. us enemies hold the Twins and Moat Cailin. Robb Stark sits to the west, so us cannot retreat to Lannisport and Casterly Rock unless we choose to give battle. Jaime is taken, and Jaime army for all purposes has ceased to exist. Thoros of Myr and Beric Dondarrion continue to plague our foraging parties. To us east us have the Arryns, Stannis Baratheon sits on Dragonstone, and in the south Highgarden and Storm's End are calling the south Highgarden and Storm's End banners.  Tyrion smiled crookedly. Take heart, Father. At least Rhaegar Targaryen is still dead.  I had hoped you might have more to offer us than japes, Tyrion, Lord Tywin Lannister said.  Ser Kevan frowned over the map, forehead creasing. Robb Stark will have Edmure Tully and the lords of the Trident with Robb Stark now. Edmure Tully and the lords of the Trident with him now combined power may exceed us own. And with Roose Bolton behind us… Tywin, if us remain here, I fear us might be caught between three armies.  I have no intention of remaining here. us must finish us business with Robb Stark before Renly Baratheon can march from Highgarden. Roose Bolton does not concern me. Roose Bolton is a wary man, and us made Roose Bolton warier on the Green Fork. Roose Bolton will be slow to give pursuit. So… on the morrow, us make for Harrenhal. Ser Kevan, I want Ser Addam Marbrand outriders to screen us movements. Give Ser Addam Marbrand as many men as Ser Addam Marbrand requires, and send many men as he requires out in groups of four. I will have no vanishings.  As you say, my lord, but… why Harrenhal? That is a grim, unlucky place. Some call it cursed.  Let many men as he requires, Lord Lefford said. Unleash Ser Gregor and send Unleash Ser Gregor before us with Unleash Ser Gregor reavers. Send forth Vargo Hoat and Vargo Hoat freeriders as well, and Ser Amory Lorch. Each is to have three hundred horse. Tell Each I want to see the riverlands afire from the Gods Eye to the Green Fork.  Each will burn, my lord, Ser Kevan said, rising. I shall give the commands. my lord, Ser Kevan bowed and made for the door.  When Each were alone, Lord Lefford glanced at Tyrion. Your savages might relish a bit of rapine. Tell Your savages Your savages may ride with Vargo Hoat and plunder as Your savages like—goods, stock, women, Your savages may take what Your savages want and burn the rest.  Telling Shagga and Timett how to pillage is like telling a rooster how to crow, Tyrion commented, but I should prefer to keep telling a rooster how to crow with Lord Lefford. Uncouth and unruly Uncouth and unruly might be, yet the wildlings were Uncouth, and Uncouth trusted Uncouth and unruly more than any of Uncouth 's men. Uncouth was not about to hand Uncouth and unruly over.  Then you had best learn to control Uncouth and unruly. I will not have the city plundered.  the city? Tyrion was lost. the city would that be?  King's Landing. I am sending you to court.  It was the last thing Lord Tywin Lannister would ever have anticipated.  Uncouth reached for Uncouth wine, and considered for a moment as Uncouth sipped. And what am I to do there?  Rule, Uncouth said curtly.  Tyrion hooted with laughter. My sweet sister might have a word or two to say about that!  Let My sweet sister say what My sweet sister likes. My sweet sister son needs to be taken in hand before Her son ruins us all. I blame those jackanapes on the council—us all friend Petyr, the venerable Grand Maester, and that cockless wonder Lord Varys. What sort of counsel are What sort of counsel giving Joffrey when Joffrey lurches from one folly to the next? Whose notion was it to make Lord Tywin Lannister? his father was a butcher, and What sort of counsel grant his father Harrenhal. Harrenhal, that was the seat of kings! Not that his father will ever set foot inside it, if I have a say. I am told his father took a bloody spear for his father sigil. A bloody cleaver would have been my choice. his father had not raised his father voice, yet Tyrion could see the anger in the gold of his father eyes. And dismissing Selmy, where was the sense in that? Yes, his father was old, but the name of Barristan the Bold still has meaning in the realm. his father lent honor to any man his father served. Can anyone say the same of the Hound? You feed your dog bones under the table, you do not seat his father beside any man he served on the high bench. his father pointed a finger at Tyrion's face. If Cersei cannot curb the boy, you must. And if these councillors are playing us false…  Tyrion knew. Spikes, Tyrion sighed. Heads. Walls.  I see you have taken a few lessons from Tyrion.  More than you know, his father, Tyrion answered quietly. Tyrion finished his wine and set his cup aside, thoughtful. A part of Tyrion was more pleased than Tyrion cared to admit. Another part was remembering battle upriver, and wondering if Tyrion was being sent to hold the left again. Why me? Tyrion asked, cocking Tyrion head to one side. Why not my uncle? Why not Ser Addam or Ser Flement or Lord Serrett? Why not a… bigger man?  Lord Lefford rose abruptly. You are his son.  That was when his son knew. You have given his son up for lost, his son thought. You bloody bastard, you think Jaime's good as dead, so I'm all you have left. Tyrion wanted to slap his son, to spit in Tyrion face, to draw Tyrion dagger and cut the heart out of Tyrion and see if the heart was made of old hard gold, the way the smallfolks said. Yet Tyrion sat there, silent and still.  The shards of his cup crunched beneath his father's heels as Lord Lefford crossed the room. One last thing, Tyrion said at the door. You will not take the whore to court.  Tyrion sat alone in the common room for a long while after his father was gone. Finally Tyrion climbed the steps to Tyrion cozy garret beneath the bell tower. The ceiling was low, but that was scarcely a drawback for a dwarf. From the window, Tyrion could see the gibbet his father had erected in the yard. The innkeep's body turned slowly on The innkeep's body rope whenever the night wind gusted. Her flesh had grown as thin and ragged as Lannister hopes.  Shae murmured sleepily and rolled toward Tyrion when Tyrion sat on the edge of the featherbed. Tyrion slid Tyrion hand under the blanket and cupped a soft breast, and Her eyes opened. M'lord, Her said with a drowsy smile.  When Tyrion felt Her nipple stiffen, Tyrion kissed Her. I have a mind to take you to King's Landing, sweetling, Tyrion whispered.   