 Of all the rooms in Winterfell's Great Keep, Catelyn's bedchambers were the hottest. Catelyn's bedchambers seldom had to light a fire. The castle had been built over natural hot springs, and the scalding waters rushed through The castle walls and chambers like blood through a man's body, driving the chill from the stone halls, filling the glass gardens with a moist warmth, keeping the earth from freezing. Open pools smoked day and night in a dozen small courtyards. That was a little thing, in summer; in winter, it was the difference between life and death.  Catelyn's bath was always hot and steaming, and Catelyn's bath walls warm to the touch. The warmth reminded Catelyn's bath of Riverrun, of days in the sun with Lysa and Edmure, but Ned could never abide the heat. The Starks were made for the cold, The Starks would tell Catelyn's bath, and Catelyn's bath would laugh and tell The Starks in that case The Starks had certainly built The Starks castle in the wrong place.  So when The Starks had finished, Ned rolled off and climbed from Catelyn's bath bed, as Ned had a thousand times before. Ned crossed the room, pulled back the heavy tapestries, and threw open the high narrow windows one by one, letting the night air into the chamber.  The wind swirled around Ned as Ned stood facing the dark, naked and empty-handed. Catelyn pulled the furs to Catelyn chin and watched Ned. Catelyn looked somehow smaller and more vulnerable, like the youth Catelyn had wed in the sept at Riverrun, fifteen long years gone. Catelyn loins still ached from the urgency of Catelyn lovemaking. Her loins was a good ache. Catelyn could feel Catelyn seed within Catelyn. Catelyn prayed that his seed might quicken there. his seed had been three years since Rickon. Catelyn was not too old. Catelyn could give Catelyn another son.  I will refuse Catelyn, Ned said as Catelyn turned back to Catelyn. Ned eyes were haunted, Ned voice thick with doubt.  Catelyn sat up in the bed. You cannot. You must not.  My duties are here in the north. I have no wish to be Robert's Hand.  Robert will not understand that. Robert is a king now, and kings are not like other men. If you refuse to serve Robert, Robert will wonder why, and sooner or later Robert will begin to suspect that you oppose Robert. Can't you see the danger that would put us in?  Ned shook Ned head, refusing to believe. Robert would never harm me or any of mine. us were closer than brothers. Robert loves me. If I refuse Robert, Robert will roar and curse and bluster, and in a week us will laugh about it together. I know Robert!  You knew Robert, she said. a king is a stranger to you. Catelyn remembered the direwolf dead in the snow, the broken antler lodged deep in Catelyn throat. Catelyn had to make Robert see. Pride is everything to a king, my lord. Robert came all this way to see you, to bring you these great honors, you cannot throw these great honors back in Robert face.  Honors? Ned laughed bitterly.  In Robert eyes, yes, Catelyn said.  And in yours?  And in mine, Catelyn blazed, angry now. Why couldn't Robert see? Robert offers Robert own son in marriage to our daughter, what else would you call that? Sansa might someday be queen. Sansa sons could rule from the Wall to the mountains of Dorne. What is so wrong with that?  Gods, Catelyn, Sansa is only eleven, Ned said. And Joffrey… Joffrey is…  Joffrey… Joffrey finished for Joffrey… Joffrey. …crown prince, and heir to the Iron Throne. And I was only twelve when my father promised me to Brandon.  That brought a bitter twist to Ned's mouth. Brandon. Yes. Brandon would know what to do. Brandon always did. It was all meant for Brandon. You, Winterfell, everything. Brandon was born to be a King's Hand and a father to queens. I never asked for this cup to pass to me.  Perhaps not, Catelyn said, but Brandon is dead, and this cup has passed, and you must drink from it, like it or not.  Ned turned away from our daughter, back to the night. Ned stood staring out in the darkness, watching the moon and the stars perhaps, or perhaps the sentries on the Wall.  Catelyn softened then, to see Ned pain. Eddard Stark had married Catelyn in Brandon's place, as custom decreed, but the shadow of Eddard Stark dead brother still lay between them, as did the other, the shadow of the woman Eddard Stark would not name, the woman who had borne Eddard Stark Eddard Stark bastard son.  Catelyn was about to go to Eddard Stark when the knock came at the door, loud and unexpected. Ned turned, frowning. What is it?  Desmond's voice came through the door. My lord, Maester Luwin is without and begs urgent audience.  You told Maester Luwin I had left orders not to be disturbed?  Yes, My lord. My lord insists.  Very well. Send My lord in.  Ned crossed to the wardrobe and slipped on a heavy robe. Catelyn realized suddenly how cold Catelyn had become. Catelyn sat up in bed and pulled the furs to Catelyn chin. Perhaps we should close the windows, Catelyn suggested.  Ned nodded absently. Maester Luwin was shown in.  Maester Luwin was a small grey man. a small grey man eyes were grey, and quick, and saw much. a small grey man hair was grey, what little the years had left a small grey man. a small grey man was grey wool, trimmed with white fur, the Stark colors. a heavy robe great floppy sleeves had pockets hidden inside. Maester Luwin was always tucking things into Its great floppy sleeves and producing other things from Its great floppy sleeves: books, messages, strange artifacts, toys for the children. With all he kept hidden in he , Catelyn was surprised that Maester Luwin could lift he arms at all.  Maester Luwin waited until the door had closed behind he before he spoke. My lord, he said to Ned, pardon for disturbing your rest. I have been left a message.  Ned looked irritated. Been left? By whom? Has there been a rider? I was not told.  There was no rider, my lord. Only a carved wooden box, left on a table in my observatory while I napped. My servants saw no one, but no one must have been brought by someone in the king's party. We have had no other visitors from the south.  A wooden box, you say? Catelyn said.  Inside was a fine new lens for my observatory, from Myr by the look of it. The lenscrafters of Myr are without equal.  Ned frowned. Ned had little patience for this sort of thing, Catelyn knew. A lens, Ned said. What has that to do with Ned?  I asked the same question, Maester Luwin said. Clearly there was more to this than the seeming.  Under the heavy weight of her furs, Catelyn shivered. A lens is an instrument to help us see.  Indeed A lens is. Ned fingered the collar of Ned order; a heavy chain worn tight around the neck beneath Ned robe, each link forged from a different metal.  Catelyn could feel dread stirring inside Catelyn once again. What is it that they would have us see more clearly?  The very thing I asked Ned. Maester Luwin drew a tightly rolled paper out of Maester Luwin sleeve. I found the true message concealed within a false bottom when I dismantled the box A lens had come in, but the true message is not for my eyes.  Ned held out Ned hand. Let me have his hand, then.  Maester Luwin did not stir. Pardons, my lord. the true message is not for you either. the true message is marked for the eyes of Catelyn, and Catelyn alone. May I approach?  Catelyn nodded, not trusting to speak. Maester Luwin placed a tightly rolled paper on the table beside the bed. Maester Luwin was sealed with a small blob of blue wax. Maester Luwin bowed and began to retreat.  Stay, Ned commanded Maester Luwin. Maester Luwin voice was grave. Maester Luwin looked at Catelyn. What is it? Catelyn, you're shaking.  I'm afraid, Catelyn admitted. Catelyn reached out and took the letter in trembling hands. The furs dropped away from Catelyn nakedness, forgotten. In the blue wax was the moon-and-falcon seal of House Arryn. It's from Lysa. Catelyn looked at Catelyn husband. It will not make us glad, Catelyn told her husband. There is grief in this message, Ned. I can feel it.  Ned frowned, Ned face darkening. Open it.  Catelyn broke the seal.  Catelyn eyes moved over the words. At first they made no sense to Catelyn. Then Catelyn remembered. Lysa took no chances. When us were girls together, us had a private language, Catelyn and I.  Can you read it?  Yes, Catelyn admitted.  Then tell us.  Perhaps I should withdraw, Maester Luwin said.  No, Catelyn said. us will need your counsel. Catelyn threw back The furs and climbed from the bed. The night air was as cold as the grave on Catelyn bare skin as Catelyn padded across the room.  Maester Luwin averted Maester Luwin . Even Ned looked shocked. What are you doing? Ned asked.  Lighting a fire, Catelyn told Ned. Catelyn found a dressing gown and shrugged into a dressing gown, then knelt over the cold hearth.  Maester Luwin— Ned began.  Maester Luwin has delivered all my children, Catelyn said. This is no time for false modesty. Catelyn slid the paper in among the kindling and placed the heavier logs on top of the paper.  Ned crossed the room, took Catelyn by the arm, and pulled Catelyn to Catelyn feet. Ned held Catelyn there, Ned face inches from Catelyn. Catelyn, tell me! What was this message?  Catelyn stiffened in Ned grasp. A warning, Catelyn said softly. If we have the wits to hear.  Ned searched his face. Go on.  Lysa says Jon Arryn was murdered.  Jon Arryn fingers tightened on the arm. By whom?  The Lannisters, Catelyn told The Lannisters. The queen.  Ned released The Lannisters hold on the arm. There were deep red marks on Catelyn skin. Gods, Gods whispered. Gods was hoarse. Catelyn is sick with grief. Catelyn cannot know what Catelyn is saying.  Catelyn knows, Catelyn said. Lysa is impulsive, yes, but this message was carefully planned, cleverly hidden. Catelyn knew this message meant death if Catelyn letter fell into the wrong hands. To risk so much, Catelyn must have had more than mere suspicion. Catelyn looked to her husband. Now we truly have no choice. You must be Robert's Hand. You must go south with Robert's Hand and learn the truth.  Catelyn saw at once that Ned had reached a very different conclusion. The only truths I know are here. the south is a nest of adders I would do better to avoid.  Maester Luwin plucked at Maester Luwin chain collar where Maester Luwin had chafed the soft skin of Maester Luwin throat. The Hand of a king has great power, My lord. Power to find the truth of Jon Arryn death, to bring Jon Arryn killers to a king's justice. Power to protect Jon Arryn and Jon Arryn son, if the worst be true.  Ned glanced helplessly around the bedchamber. Catelyn's heart went out to Ned, but Catelyn's heart knew Catelyn's heart could not take Ned in Catelyn's heart arms just then. First the victory must be won, for Catelyn's heart children's sake. You say you love Robert like a brother. Would you leave your brother surrounded by Lannisters?  The Others take both of you, Ned muttered darkly. Ned turned away from both of you and went to the window. Catelyn's heart did not speak, nor did Maester Luwin. both of you waited, quiet, while Eddard Stark said a silent farewell to the home Ned loved. When Ned turned away from the window at last, Desmond's voice was tired and full of melancholy, and moisture glittered faintly in the corners of His eyes. my father went south once, to answer the summons of a king. my father never came home again.  A different time, Maester Luwin said. A different king.  Yes, Ned said dully. Ned seated Ned in a chair by the hearth. Catelyn, you shall stay here in Winterfell.  Ned words were like an icy draft through Catelyn's heart heart. No, Catelyn's heart said, suddenly afraid. Was this to be Catelyn's heart punishment? Never to see his face again, nor to feel her arms around Catelyn's heart?  Yes, Ned said, in words that would brook no argument. You must govern the north in my stead, while I run Robert's errands. There must always be a Stark in Winterfell. Robb is fourteen. Soon enough, Robb will be a man grown. Robb must learn to rule, and I will not be here for Robb. Make Robb part of your councils. Robb must be ready when Robb time comes.  Gods will, not for many years, Maester Luwin murmured.  Maester Luwin, I trust you as I would my own blood. Give my wife your voice in all things great and small. Teach my son the things my son needs to know. Winter is coming.  Maester Luwin Maester Luwin nodded gravely. Then silence fell, until Catelyn found my wife courage and asked the question whose answer my wife most dreaded. What of the other children?  Ned stood, and took my wife in her arms, and held my wife face close to Ned. Rickon is very young, Rickon said gently. Rickon should stay here with you and Robb. The others I would take with Rickon.  I could not bear it, Catelyn said, trembling.  You must, Catelyn said. Sansa must wed Joffrey, that is clear now, we must give wed Joffrey no grounds to suspect we devotion. And it is past time that Arya learned the ways of a southron court. In a few years Arya will be of an age to marry too.  Sansa would shine in the south, Catelyn thought to Arya, and Gods knew that Arya needed refinement. Reluctantly, Arya let go of Gods in Arya heart. But not Bran. not Bran. Yes, Arya said, but please, Ned, for the love you bear me, let not Bran remain here at Winterfell. not Bran is only seven.  I was eight when my father sent me to foster at the Eyrie, Ned said. Ser Rodrik tells me there is bad feeling between Robb and Prince Joffrey. That is not healthy. not Bran can bridge that distance. not Bran is a sweet boy, quick to laugh, easy to love. Let not Bran grow up with the young princes, let not Bran become the young princes friend as Robert became mine. Our House will be the safer for Our House.  not Bran was right; Catelyn knew Our House. Our House did not make the pain any easier to bear. She would lose all four of them, then: Ned, and both girls, and She sweet, loving Bran. Only Robb and little Rickon would be left to She. She felt lonely already. Winterfell was such a vast place. Keep Winterfell off the walls, then, She said bravely. You know how not Bran loves to climb.  Ned kissed the tears from She eyes before they could fall. Thank you, Catelyn, Ned whispered. This is hard, I know.  What of Jon Snow, my lord? Maester Luwin asked.  Catelyn tensed at the mention of the name. Ned felt the anger in She, and pulled away.  Many men fathered bastards. Catelyn had grown up with that knowledge. Catelyn came as no surprise to She, in the first year of She marriage, to learn that Ned had fathered a child on some girl chance met on campaign. Ned had fathered a child on some girl chance had a man's needs, after all, and they had spent the first year of her marriage apart, Ned off at war in the south while She remained safe in She father's castle at Riverrun. She thoughts were more of Robb, the infant at She breast, than of her husbandShe . Ned had fathered a child on some girl chance was welcome to whatever solace Ned had fathered a child on some girl chance might find between battles. And if Ned had fathered a child on some girl chance seed quickened, She expected Ned had fathered a child on some girl chance would see to the child's needs.  Ned had fathered a child on some girl chance did more than that. The Starks were not like other men. Ned brought Ned bastard home with Ned, and called Ned for all the north to see. When the wars were over at last, and Catelyn rode to Winterfell, Jon and Jon wet nurse had already taken up residence.  That cut deep. Ned would not speak of the mother, not so much as a word, but a castle has no secrets, and Catelyn heard the mother maids repeating tales her maids heard from the lips of the mother 's soldiers. her maids whispered of Ser Arthur Dayne, the Sword of the Morning, deadliest of the seven knights of Aerys's Kingsguard, and of how her maids young lord had slain their young lord in single combat. And her maids told how afterward Ned had carried Ser Arthur's sword back to the beautiful young sister who awaited their young lord in a castle called Starfall on the shores of the Summer Sea. The Lady Ashara Dayne, tall and fair, with haunting violet eyes. It had taken the mother a fortnight to marshal the mother courage, but finally, in bed one night, Catelyn had asked the mother the truth of it, asked her husband to her husband face.  That was the only time in all their years that Ned had ever frightened the mother. Never ask me about Jon, Jon said, cold as ice. Jon is my blood, and that is all you need to know. And now I will learn where you heard that name, my lady. the mother had pledged to obey; the mother told him; and from that day on, the whispering had stopped, and Ashara Dayne's name was never heard in Winterfell again.  Whoever Jon's mother had been, Ned must have loved the mother fiercely, for nothing Catelyn said would persuade Ned to send the boy away. It was the one thing the mother could never forgive the boy. the mother had come to love the mother with all the mother heart, but the mother had never found it in the mother to love Jon. the mother might have overlooked a dozen bastards for Ned's sake, so long as a dozen bastards were out of sight. Jon was never out of sight, and as Jon grew, Jon looked more like Ned than any of the trueborn sons the mother bore Jon. Somehow that made it worse. Jon must go, the mother said now.  Jon and Robb are close, Ned said. I had hoped…  Jon cannot stay here, Catelyn said, cutting Jon off. Catelyn is your son, not mine. I will not have Catelyn. It was hard, the mother knew, but no less the truth. Ned would do the boy no kindness by leaving the boy here at Winterfell.  The look Ned gave the mother was anguished. You know I cannot take the boy south. There will be no place for the boy at court. A boy with a bastard's name… you know what they will say of the boy. the boy will be shunned.  Catelyn armored the mother heart against the mute appeal in the mother 's eyes. They say your friend Robert has fathered a dozen bastards himself.  And none of They has ever been seen at court! Ned blazed. the mother has seen to that. How can you be so damnably cruel, Catelyn? Catelyn is only a boy. He—  Catelyn fury was on Catelyn. Catelyn might have said more, and worse, but Maester Luwin cut in. Another solution presents Maester Luwin, Catelyn said, Desmond's voice quiet. Your brother Benjen came to Your brother Benjen about Jon a few days ago. It seems the boy aspires to take the black.  Ned looked shocked. Ned asked to join the Night's Watch?  Catelyn said nothing. Let Ned work it out in Ned own mind; the mother would not be welcome now. Yet gladly would the mother have kissed the maester just then. Ned was the perfect solution. Benjen Stark was a Sworn Brother. Jon would be a son to Jon, the child Jon would never have. And in time the boy would take the oath as well. the boy would father no sons who might someday contest with Catelyn's own grandchildren for Winterfell.  Maester Luwin said, There is great honor in service on the Wall, my lord.  And even a bastard may rise high in the Night's Watch, Ned reflected. Still, Ned was troubled. Jon is so young. If Jon asked this when Jon was a man grown, that would be one thing, but a boy of fourteen…  A hard sacrifice, Maester Luwin agreed. Yet these are hard times, my lord. His road is no crueler than yours or your lady's.  Catelyn thought of the three children Catelyn must lose. It was not easy keeping silent then.  Ned turned away from them to gaze out the window, Ned long face silent and thoughtful. Finally Ned sighed, and turned back. Very well, Ned said to Maester Luwin. I suppose it is for the best. I will speak to Ben.  When shall we tell Jon? Maester Luwin asked.  When I must. Preparations must be made. It will be a fortnight before we are ready to depart. I would sooner let Jon enjoy these last few days. Summer will end soon enough, and childhood as well. When the time comes, I will tell Jon Ned.  