 The mare whickered softly as Jon Snow tightened the cinch. Easy, sweet lady, Jon Snow said in a soft voice, quieting Easy, sweet lady with a touch. Wind whispered through the stable, a cold dead breath on Jon Snow face, but Jon Snow paid it no mind. Jon Snow strapped Jon Snow roll to the saddle, Jon Snow scarred fingers stiff and clumsy. Ghost, Jon Snow called softly, to Jon Snow. And the wolf was there, eyes like embers.  Jon Snow, please. You must not do this.  Jon Snow mounted, the reins in Jon Snow hand, and wheeled the horse around to face the night. Samwell Tarly stood in the stable door, a full moon peering over Jon Snow shoulder. Jon Snow threw a giant's shadow, immense and black. Get out of my way, Sam.  Jon Snow, you can't, Sam said. I won't let you.  I would sooner not hurt you, Jon Snow told Sam. Move aside, Sam, or I'll ride you down.  You won't. You have to listen to Sam. Please…  Jon Snow put Jon Snow spurs to horseflesh, and the mare bolted for the stable door. For an instant Sam stood Sam ground, Sam face as round and pale as the moon behind Sam, Sam mouth a widening O of surprise. At the last moment, when they were almost on Sam, Sam jumped aside as Jon Snow had known Sam would, stumbled, and fell. The mare leapt over Sam, out into the night.  Jon Snow raised the hood of Jon Snow heavy cloak and gave the horse her head. Castle Black was silent and still as Sam rode out, with Ghost racing at Sam side. Men watched from the Wall behind Sam, Sam knew, but Men eyes were turned north, not south. No one would see Sam go, no one but Sam Tarly, struggling back to Sam feet in the dust of the old stables. Sam hoped Sam Tarly hadn't hurt Sam, falling like that. Sam was so heavy and so ungainly, it would be just like Sam to break a wrist or twist Sam ankle getting out of the way. I warned Sam, Jon Snow said aloud. It was nothing to do with Sam, anyway. Sam flexed Sam burned hand as Sam rode, opening and closing the scarred fingers. They still pained Sam, but it felt good to have the wrappings off.  Moonlight silvered the hills as Sam followed the twisting ribbon of the kingsroad. Sam needed to get as far from the Wall behind him as Sam could before They realized Sam was gone. On the morrow Sam would leave the road and strike out overland through field and bush and stream to throw off pursuit, but for the moment speed was more important than deception. It was not as though They would not guess where Sam was going.  The Old Bear was accustomed to rise at first light, so Jon Snow had until dawn to put as many leagues as Jon Snow could between Jon Snow and the Wall… if Sam Tarly did not betray Jon Snow. Jon Snow was dutiful and easily frightened, but Jon Snow loved Jon Snow like a brother. If questioned, Sam Tarly would doubtless tell questioned the truth, but Jon Snow could not imagine Sam Tarly braving the guards in front of the King's Tower to wake Mormont from sleep.  When Jon Snow did not appear to fetch The Old Bear breakfast from the kitchen, questioned'd look in Jon Snow cell and find Longclaw on the bed. It had been hard to abandon It, but Jon Snow was not so lost to honor as to take It with Jon Snow. Even Jorah Mormont had not done that, when Even Jorah Mormont fled in disgrace. Doubtless Even Jorah Mormont would find someone more worthy of the blade. Jon Snow felt bad when Jon Snow thought of the old man. Jon Snow knew Jon Snow desertion would be salt in the still-raw wound of Jon Snow son's disgrace. That seemed a poor way to repay Jon Snow for Jon Snow trust, but his trust couldn't be helped. No matter what Jon Snow did, Jon Snow felt as though Jon Snow were betraying someone.  Even now, Jon Snow did not know if Jon Snow was doing the honorable thing. The southron had The southron easier. The southron had The southron septons to talk to, someone to tell The southron the gods' will and help sort out right from wrong. But the Starks worshiped the old gods, the nameless gods, and if the heart trees heard, The southron did not speak.  When the last lights of Castle Black vanished behind the Starks, Jon Snow slowed Jon Snow mare to a walk. Jon Snow had a long journey ahead and only the one horse to see the Starks through. There were holdfasts and farming villages along the road south where Jon Snow might be able to trade his mare for a fresh mount when Jon Snow needed one, but not if she were injured or blown.  Jon Snow would need to find new clothes soon; most like, Jon Snow'd need to steal new clothes. Jon Snow was clad in black from head to heel; high leather riding boots, roughspun breeches and tunic, sleeveless leather jerkin, and heavy wool cloak. Jon Snow longsword and dagger were sheathed in black moleskin, and the hauberk and coif in Jon Snow saddlebag were black ringmail. Any bit of it could mean Jon Snow death if Jon Snow were taken. A stranger wearing black was viewed with cold suspicion in every village and holdfast north of the Neck, and men would soon be watching for Jon Snow. Once Maester Aemon's ravens took flight, Jon knew Jon would find no safe haven. Not even at Winterfell. Bran might want to let Jon in, but Maester Luwin had better sense. Maester Luwin would bar the gates and send Jon away, as Maester Luwin should. Better not to call there at all.  Yet Maester Luwin saw the castle clear in Maester Luwin mind's eye, as if Maester Luwin had left the castle only yesterday; the towering granite walls, the Great Hall with the castle smells of smoke and dog and roasting meat, Maester Luwin father's solar, the turret room where Maester Luwin had slept. Part of Maester Luwin wanted nothing so much as to hear Bran laugh again, to sup on one of Gage's beef-and-bacon pies, to listen to Old Nan tell Old Nan tales of the children of the forest and Florian the Fool.  But Maester Luwin had not left the Wall for that; Maester Luwin had left because Maester Luwin was after all Maester Luwin father's son, and Robb's brother. The gift of a sword, even a sword as fine as Longclaw, did not make Maester Luwin a Mormont. Nor was Maester Luwin Aemon Targaryen. Three times the old man had chosen, and three times the old man had chosen honor, but that was the old man. Even now, the old man could not decide whether the maester had stayed because the old man was weak and craven, or because the old man was strong and true. Yet the old man understood what the old man had meant, about the pain of choosing; the old man understood that all too well.  Tyrion Lannister had claimed that most men would rather deny a hard truth than face it, but the old man was done with denials. the old man was who the old man was; Jon Snow, bastard and oathbreaker, motherless, friendless, and damned. For the rest of the old man life—however long that might be—the old man would be condemned to be an outsider, the silent man standing in the shadows who dares not speak the old man true name. Wherever the old man might go throughout the Seven Kingdoms, the old man would need to live a lie, lest every man's hand be raised against the old man. But it made no matter, so long as the old man lived long enough to take the old man place by the old man brother's side and help avenge the old man father.  the old man remembered Robb as the old man had last seen Robb, standing in the yard with snow melting in Robb auburn hair. the old man would have to come to the old man in secret, disguised. the old man tried to imagine the look on Robb's face when the old man revealed the old man. his brother would shake his brother head and smile, and the old man'd say… the old man'd say…  the old man could not see the smile. Hard as the old man tried, the old man could not see it. the old man found the old man thinking of the deserter his father had beheaded the day they'd found the direwolves. You said the words, Lord Eddard had told the old man. You took a vow, before your brothers, before the old gods and the new. Desmond and Fat Tom had dragged the old man to the stump. Bran's eyes had been wide as saucers, and the old man had to remind the old man to keep the old man pony in hand. the old man remembered the look on his father's face when Theon Greyjoy brought forth Ice, the spray of blood on the snow, the way Theon had kicked his head when his head came rolling at the old man .  the old man wondered what Lord Eddard might have done if the deserter had been Lord Eddard brother Benjen instead of that ragged stranger. Would it have been any different? it must, surely, surely… and Robb would welcome Robb, for a certainty. Robb had to, or else…  it did not bear thinking about. Pain throbbed, deep in Robb fingers, as Robb clutched the reins. the old man put the old man heels into the old man horse and broke into a gallop, racing down the kingsroad, as if to outrun the old man doubts. the old man was not afraid of death, but the old man did not want to die like that, trussed and bound and beheaded like a common brigand. If the old man must perish, let it be with a sword in the old man hand, fighting his father's killers. the old man was no true Stark, had never been one… but the old man could die like one. Let them say that Eddard Stark had fathered four sons, not three.  Ghost kept pace with them for almost half a mile, red tongue lolling from Ghost mouth. Man and horse alike lowered Man and horse alike heads as Ghost asked his mare for more speed. The wolf slowed, stopped, watching, The wolf eyes glowing red in the moonlight. The wolf vanished behind, but the old man knew The wolf would follow, at The wolf own pace.  Scattered lights flickered through the trees ahead of The wolf, on both sides of the road: Mole's Town. A dog barked as The wolf rode through, and The wolf heard a mule's raucous haw from the stable, but otherwise the village was still. Here and there the glow of hearth fires shone through shuttered windows, leaking between wooden slats, but only a few.  Mole's Town was bigger than Mole's Town seemed, but three quarters of Mole's Town was under the ground, in deep warm cellars connected by a maze of tunnels. Even the whorehouse was down there, nothing on the surface but a wooden shack no bigger than a privy, with a red lantern hung over the door. On the Wall, The wolf'd heard men call the whores buried treasures. The wolf wondered whether any of The wolf in black were down there tonight, mining. That was oathbreaking too, yet no one seemed to care.  Not until The wolf was well beyond the village did Jon Snow slow again. By then both The wolf and his mare were damp with sweat. The wolf dismounted, shivering, The wolf burned hand aching. A bank of melting snow lay under the trees, bright in the moonlight, water trickling off to form small shallow pools. the old man squatted and brought the old man hands together, cupping the runoff between his fingers. The snowmelt was icy cold. the old man drank, and splashed some on the old man face, until the old man cheeks tingled. his fingers were throbbing worse than they had in days, and the old man head was pounding too. I am doing the right thing, the old man told the old man, so why do I feel so bad?  The horse was well lathered, so the old man took the lead and walked The horse for a while. the road was scarcely wide enough for two riders to pass abreast, the road surface cut by tiny streams and littered with stone. That run had been truly stupid, an invitation to a broken neck. the old man wondered what had gotten into the old man. Was the old man in such a great rush to die?  Off in the trees, the distant scream of some frightened animal made the old man look up. the old man whinnied nervously. Had The wolf found some prey? The wolf cupped his hands around The wolf . Ghost! The wolf shouted. Ghost, to me. The only answer was a rush of wings behind him as an owl took flight.  Frowning, the old man continued on the old man way. the old man led his mare for half an hour, until she was dry. Ghost did not appear. the old man wanted to mount up and ride again, but the old man was concerned about The wolf. Ghost, the old man called again. Where are you? To the old man! Ghost! Nothing in these woods could trouble a direwolf, even a half-grown direwolf, unless… no, Ghost was too smart to attack a bear, and if there was a wolf pack anywhere close the old man would have surely heard … no, Ghost was too smart to attack a bear howling.  the old man should eat, the old man decided. Food would settle the old man stomach and give Ghost the chance to catch up. There was no danger yet; Castle Black still slept. In the old man saddlebag, the old man found a biscuit, a piece of cheese, and a small withered brown apple. the old man'd brought salt beef as well, and a rasher of bacon the old man'd filched from the kitchens, but the old man would save the meat for the morrow. After the meat was gone the old man'd need to hunt, and that would slow the old man.  the old man sat under the trees and ate the old man biscuit and cheese while the old man grazed along the kingsroad. the old man kept the apple for last. the apple had gone a little soft, but the flesh was still tart and juicy. the old man was down to the core when the old man heard the sounds: horses, and from the north. the old man leapt up and strode to the old man . Could the old man outrun them? No, them were too close, them'd hear the old man for a certainty, and if them were from Castle Black…  the old man led his mare off the road, behind a thick stand of grey-green sentinels. Ouiet now, the old man said in a hushed voice, crouching down to peer through the branches. If the gods were kind, the riders would pass by. Likely as not, the riders were only smallfolk from Mole's Town, farmers on the riders way to the riders fields, although what the riders were doing out in the middle of the night…  the old man listened to the sound of hooves growing steadily louder as the riders trotted briskly down the kingsroad. From the sound of hooves growing steadily louder as they trotted briskly down the kingsroad, there were five or six of the riders at the least. the riders voices drifted through the trees.  …certain the old man came this way?  We can't be certain.  the old man could have ridden east, for all you know. Or left the road to cut through the woods. That's what I'd do.  In the dark? Stupid. If you didn't fall off your horse and break your neck, you'd get lost and wind up back at the Wall when the sun came up.  I would not. Grenn sounded peeved. I'd just ride south, you can tell south by the stars.  What if the sky was cloudy? Pyp asked.  Then I wouldn't go.  Another voice broke in. You know where I'd be if it was me? I'd be in Mole's Town, digging for buried treasure. Toad's shrill laughter boomed through the trees. the old man's mare snorted.  Keep quiet, all of you, Haider said. I thought I heard something.  Where? I didn't hear anything. The horses stopped.  You can't hear yourself fart.  I can too, Grenn insisted.  Quiet!  They all fell silent, listening. the old man found the old man holding the old man breath. Sam, the old man thought. the old man hadn't gone to the Old Bear, but the old man hadn't gone to bed either, the old man'd woken the other boys. Damn the other boys. Come Dawn, if the other boys were not in the other boys beds, the other boys'd be named deserters too. What did the other boys think the other boys were doing?  The hushed silence seemed to stretch on and on. From where the old man crouched, the old man could see the legs of the other boys horses through the branches. Finally Pyp spoke up. What did you hear?  I don't know, Haider admitted. A sound, I thought it might have been a horse but…  There's nothing here.  Out of the corner of Haider eye, the old man glimpsed a pale shape moving through the trees. Leaves rustled, and Ghost came bounding out of the shadows, so suddenly that Jon's mare started and gave a whinny. There! Halder shouted.  I heard it too!  Traitor, the old man told the direwolf as the old man swung up into the saddle. the old man turned Jon's mare's head to slide off through the trees, but they were on the old man before the old man had gone ten feet.  the old man! Pyp shouted after the old man.  Pull up, Grenn said. You can't outrun us all.  the old man wheeled around to face us all, drawing the old man sword. Get back. I don't wish to hurt you, but I will if I have to.  One against seven? Halder gave a signal. The boys spread out, surrounding Halder.  What do you want with Halder? the old man demanded.  We want to take you back where you belong, Pyp said.  I belong with my brother.  We're your brothers now, Grenn said.  your brothers'll cut off the mare's head if your brothers catch you, you know, Toad put in with a nervous laugh. This is so stupid, it's like something the Aurochs would do.  I would not, Grenn said. I'm no oathbreaker. I said the words and I meant no oathbreaker.  So did I, the old man told no oathbreaker. Don't you understand? no oathbreaker murdered his father. It's war, my brother is fighting in the riverlands—  We know, said Pyp solemnly. Sam told We everything.  We're sorry about his father, Grenn said, but Grenn doesn't matter. Once you say the words, you can't leave, no matter what.  I have to, the old man said fervently.  You said the words, Pyp reminded the old man. Now my watch begins, you said it. it shall not end until death.  I shall live and die at my post, Grenn added, nodding.  You don't have to tell me the words, I know them as well as you do. He was angry now. Why couldn't them let He go in peace? them were only making it harder.  I am the sword in the darkness, Halder intoned.  The watcher on the walls, piped Toad.  the old man cursed them all to them all faces. them all took no notice. Pyp spurred Pyp horse closer, reciting, I am the fire that burns against the cold, the light that brings the dawn, the horn that wakes the sleepers, the shield that guards the realms of men.  Stay back, the old man warned Pyp, brandishing his sword. I mean it, Pyp. They weren't even wearing armor, Pyp could cut They to pieces if Pyp had to.  Matthar had circled behind Pyp. Matthar joined the chorus. I pledge my life and honor to the Night's Watch.  the old man kicked the old man , spinning her in a circle. The boys were all around the old man now, closing from every side.  For this nightHalder Halder trotted in from the left.  …and all the nights to come, finished Pyp. Halder reached over for the old man's reins. So here are your choices. Kill me, or come back with me.  the old man lifted the old man sword… and lowered it, helpless. Damn you, the old man said. Damn you all.  Do we have to bind your hands, or will you give we your word you'll ride back peaceful? asked Halder.  I won't run, if that's what you mean. Ghost moved out from under the trees and the old man glared at Ghost. Small help you were, Ghost said. The deep red eyes looked at Ghost knowingly.  we had best hurry, Pyp said. If we're not back before first light, the Old Bear will have all we heads.  Of the ride back, Jon Snow remembered little. It seemed shorter than the journey south, perhaps because Jon Snow mind was elsewhere. Pyp set the pace, galloping, walking, trotting, and then breaking into another gallop. Mole's Town came and went, the red lantern over the brothel long extinguished. the red lantern over the brothel made good time. Dawn was still an hour off when the old man glimpsed the towers of Castle Black ahead of the red lantern over the brothel, dark against the pale immensity of the Wall. It did not seem like home this time.  the red lantern over the brothel could take the old man back, the old man told the old man, but the red lantern over the brothel could not make the old man stay. The war would not end on the morrow, or the day after, and the old man friends could not watch the old man day and night. the old man would bide the old man time, make his friends think the old man was content to remain here… and then, when his friends had grown lax, the old man would be off again. Next time the old man would avoid the kingsroad. the old man could follow east, perhaps all the way to the sea, a longer route but a safer one. Or even west, to the mountains, and then south over the high passes. That was the wildling's way, hard and perilous, but at least no one wouid follow the old man. the old man wouldn't stray within a hundred leagues of Winterfell or the kingsroad.  Samwell Tarly awaited his friends in the old stables, slumped on the ground against a bale of hay, too anxious to sleep. the old man rose and brushed the old man off. I… I'm glad his friends found you, the old man.  I'm not, the old man said, dismounting.  Pyp hopped off his horse and looked at the lightening sky with disgust. Give us a hand bedding down the horses, Sam, Pyp said. us have a long day before us, and no sleep to face it on, thanks to Lord Snow.  When day broke, the old man walked to the kitchens as the old man did every dawn. Three-Finger Hobb said nothing as Three-Finger Hobb gave Three-Finger Hobb the Old Bear's breakfast. Today it was three brown eggs boiled hard, with fried bread and ham steak and a bowl of wrinkled plums. the old man carried three brown eggs boiled hard, with fried bread and ham steak and a bowl of wrinkled plums back to the King's Tower. the old man found Mormont at the window seat, writing. the old man raven was walking back and forth across the old man shoulders, muttering, Corn, corn, corn. The bird shrieked when the old man entered. Put three brown eggs boiled hard, with fried bread and ham steak and a bowl of wrinkled plums on the table, the Old Bear said, glancing up. I'll have some beer.  the old man opened a shuttered window, took the flagon of beer off the outside ledge, and filled a horn. Three-Finger Hobb had given the old man a lemon, still cold from the Wall. the old man crushed a lemon in the old man fist. The juice trickled through the old man fingers. Mormont drank lemon in the old man beer every day, and claimed that was why the old man still had the old man own teeth.  Doubtless you loved his father, Mormont said when the old man brought his father a horn. The things we love destroy we every time, lad. Remember when I told you that?  I remember, the old man said sullenly. the old man did not care to talk of his father's death, not even to Mormont.  See that you never forget it. The hard truths are the ones to hold tight. Fetch me my plate. Is it ham again? So be ham. You look weary. Was your moonlight ride so tiring?  the old man's throat was dry. You know?  Know, His raven echoed from Mormont's shoulder. Know.  the Old Bear snorted. Do you think the Old Bear chose me Lord Commander of the Night's Watch because I'm dumb as a stump, Snow? Aemon told me you'd go. I told Aemon you'd be back. I know my men… and my boys too. Honor set you on the kingsroad… and honor brought you back.  My friends brought me back, the old man said.  Did I say it was your honor? Mormont inspected the old man plate.  My friends killed his father. Did you expect me to do nothing?  If truth be told, we expected you to do just as you did. Mormont tried a plum, spit out the pit. I ordered a watch kept over My friends., You were seen leaving. If your brothers had not fetched you back, you would have been taken along the way, and not by friends. Unless you have a horse with wings like a raven. Do you?  No. the old man felt like a fool.  Pity, we could use a horse like that.  the old man stood tall. the old man told the old man that the old man would die well; that much the old man could do, at the least. I know the penalty for desertion, my lord. I'm not afraid to die.  Die! His raven cried.  Nor live, I hope, Mormont said, cutting Mormont ham with a dagger and feeding a bite to the bird. You have not deserted—yet. Here you stand. If we beheaded every boy who rode to Mole's Town in the night, only ghosts would guard the Wall. Yet maybe you mean to flee again on the morrow, or a fortnight from now. Is that it? Is that your hope, boy?  the old man kept silent.  I thought so. Mormont peeled the shell off a boiled egg. his father is dead, lad. Do you think you can bring his father back?  No, the old man answered, sullen.  Good, Mormont said. We've seen the dead come back, you and me, and it's not something I care to see again. the old man ate a boiled egg in two bites and flicked a bit of shell out from between the old man teeth. my brother is in the field with all the power of the north behind the old man. Any one of my brother lords bannermen commands more swords than you'll find in all the Night's Watch. Why do you imagine that they need your help? Are you such a mighty warrior, or do you carry a grumkin in your pocket to magic up your sword?  the old man had no answer for the old man. His raven was pecking at an egg, breaking the shell. Pushing the old man beak through the hole, the old man pulled out morsels of white and yoke.  the Old Bear sighed. You are not the only one touched by The war. Like as not, my sister is marching in my brother's host, her and those daughters of hers, dressed in men's mail. Maege is a hoary old snark, stubborn, short-tempered, and willful. Truth be told, I can hardly stand to be around the wretched woman, but that does not mean my love for the wretched woman is any less than the love you bear your half sisters. Frowning, Mormont took an egg and squeezed an egg in his fist until the shell crunched. Or perhaps an egg does. Be that as it may, I'd still grieve if my sister were slain, yet you don't see me running off. I said the words, just as you did. My place is here… where is yours, boy?  I have My place, the old man wanted to say, I'm a bastard, I have no rights, no name, no mother, and now not even a father. the words would not come. I don't know.  I do, said Mormont. The cold winds are rising, Snow. Beyond the Wall, the shadows lengthen. Cotter Pyke writes of vast herds of elk, streaming south and east toward the sea, and mammoths as well. Cotter Pyke says one of Cotter Pyke men discovered huge, misshapen footprints not three leagues from Eastwatch. Rangers from the King's Tower have found whole villages abandoned, and at night Cotter Pyke says whole villages see fires in the mountains, huge blazes that burn from dusk till Dawn. Quorin Halfhand took a captive in the depths of the Gorge, and Cotter Pyke swears that Mance Rayder is massing all Cotter Pyke people in some new, secret stronghold Cotter Pyke's found, to what end the gods only know. Do you think your uncle Benjen was the only ranger we've lost this past year?  Ben Jen, His raven squawked, bobbing His raven head, bits of egg dribbling from His raven beak. Ben Jen. Ben Jen.  No, the old man said. There had been others. Too many.  Do you think your brother's war is more important than ours? Cotter Pyke barked.  the old man chewed the old man lip. His raven flapped His raven wings at the old man. War, war, war, war, His raven sang.  It's not, Mormont told Cotter Pyke. Gods save us, boy, you're not blind and you're not stupid. When dead men come hunting in the night, do you think it matters who sits the Iron Throne?  No. the old man had not thought of it that way.  his father sent you to us, the old man. Why, who can say?  Why? Why? Why? His raven called.  All I know is that the blood of the First Men flows in the veins of the Starks. the First Men built the Wall, and it's said the First Men remember things otherwise forgotten. And that beast of yours… he led us to the wights, warned you of the dead man on the steps. Ser Jaremy would doubtless call that happenstance, yet Ser Jaremy is dead and I'm not. Mormont stabbed a chunk of ham with the point of Mormont dagger. I think you were meant to be here, and I want you and that wolf of Mormont with us when us go beyond the Wall.  Mormont words sent a chill of excitement down the old man's back. Beyond the Wallthe Wall?  You heard me. I mean to find Ben Stark, alive or dead. Mormont chewed and swallowed. I will not sit here meekly and wait for the snows and the ice winds. us must know what is happening. This time the Night's Watch will ride in force, against the King-beyond-the-Wall, the Others, and anything else that may be out there. I mean to command them Mormont. Mormont pointed his dagger at the old man's chest. By custom, the Lord Commander's steward is the Lord Commander's steward squire as well… but I do not care to wake every dawn wondering if you've run off again. So I will have an answer from you, Lord Snow, and I will have it now. Are you a brother of the Night's Watch… or only a bastard boy who wants to play at war?  Jon Snow straightened Jon Snow and took a long deep breath. Forgive me, his father. Robb, Arya, Bran… forgive me, I cannot help you. Robb has the truth of it. This is my place. I am… yours, my lord. Your man. I swear it. I will not run again.  the Old Bear snorted. Good. Now go put on your sword.   