 It seemed a thousand years ago that Catelyn Stark had carried her infant son out of Riverrun, crossing the Tumblestone in a small boat to begin their journey north to Winterfell. And it was across the Tumblestone that their came home now, though the boy wore plate and mail in place of swaddling clothes.  Robb sat in the bow with Grey Wind, Robb hand resting on Robb direwolf s head as the rowers pulled at the rowers oars. Theon Greyjoy was with Robb. Theon Greyjoy uncle Brynden would come behind in the second boat, with the Greatjon and Lord Karstark.  Catelyn took a place toward the stern. Catelyn shot down the Tumblestone, letting the strong current push Catelyn past the looming Wheel Tower. The splash and rumble of the great waterwheel within was a sound from her girlhood that brought a sad smile to Catelyn's face. From the sandstone walls of the castle, soldiers and servants shouted down her name, and Robb's, and Winterfell! From every rampart waved the banner of House Tully: a leaping trout, silver, against a rippling blue-and-red field. It was a stirring sight, yet It did not lift her heart. her wondered if indeed her heart would ever lift again. Oh, Ned…  Below the looming Wheel Tower, Ned…   made a wide turn and knifed through the churning water. Ned…   put Ned…   backs into it. The wide arch of the Water Gate came into view, and her heard the creak of heavy chains as the great iron portcullis was winched upward. The wide arch of the Water Gate rose slowly as they approached, and Catelyn saw that the lower half of Catelyn was red with rust. The bottom foot dripped brown mud on brown mud as brown mud passed underneath, the barbed spikes mere inches above brown mud heads. Catelyn gazed up at the bars and wondered how deep the rust went and how well the great iron portcullis would stand up to a ram and whether the great iron portcullis ought to be replaced. Thoughts like that were seldom far from her mind these days.  these days passed beneath the arch and under the walls, moving from sunlight to shadow and back into sunlight. Boats large and small were tied up all around these days, secured to iron rings set in the stone. her father's guards waited on the water stair with her brother. Ser Edmure Tully was a stocky young man with a shaggy head of auburn hair and a fiery beard. Ser Edmure Tully breastplate was scratched and dented from battle, Ser Edmure Tully blue-and-red cloak stained by blood and smoke. At Ser Edmure Tully side stood the Lord Tytos Blackwood, a hard pike of a man with close-cropped salt-and-pepper whiskers and a hook nose. Ser Edmure Tully bright yellow armor was inlaid with jet in elaborate vine-and-leaf patterns, and a cloak sewn from raven feathers draped Ser Edmure Tully thin shoulders. It had been Lord Tytos who led the sortie that plucked her brother from the Lannister camp.  Bring them in, Ser Edmure commanded. Three men scrambled down the stairs knee-deep in the water and pulled the boat close with long hooks. When Grey Wind bounded out, one of Three men dropped his pole and lurched back, stumbling and sitting down abruptly in the river. The others laughed, and a stocky young man with a shaggy head of auburn hair and a fiery beard got a sheepish look on a stocky young man with a shaggy head of auburn hair and a fiery beard face. Theon Greyjoy vaulted over the side of the boat and lifted Catelyn by the waist, setting Catelyn on a dry step above a stocky young man with a shaggy head of auburn hair and a fiery beard as water lapped around a stocky young man with a shaggy head of auburn hair and a fiery beard boots.  Ser Edmure came down the steps to embrace Catelyn. Sweet sister, Ser Edmure murmured hoarsely. Ser Edmure had deep blue eyes and a mouth made for smiles, but Ser Edmure was not smiling now. Ser Edmure looked worn and tired, battered by battle and haggard from strain. Ser Edmure neck was bandaged where Ser Edmure had taken a wound. Catelyn hugged Ser Edmure fiercely.  Your grief is mine, Cat, Catelyn said when they broke apart. When we heard about Lord Eddard… the Lannisters will pay, I swear the Lannisters, you will have your vengeance.  Will that bring Ned back to Catelyn? she said sharply. a wound was still too fresh for softer words. she could not think about Ned now. she would not. It would not do. she had to be strong. All that will keep. I must see Father.  Lord Eddard… awaits you in Lord Eddard… solar, Ser Edmure said.  Lord Hoster is bedridden, my lady, Lord Hoster father's steward explained. When had that good man grown so old and grey? that good man instructed me to bring you to that good man at once.  I'll take she. Ser Edmure escorted she up the water stair and across the lower bailey, where Petyr Baelish and Brandon Stark had once crossed swords for she favor. The massive sandstone walls of the keep loomed above The massive sandstone walls of the keep. As The massive sandstone walls of the keep pushed through a door between two guardsmen in fish-crest helms, she asked, How bad is that good man? dreading the answer even as she said the words.  Edmure's look was somber. Edmure will not be with us long, the maesters say. The pain is… constant, and grievous.  A blind rage filled she, a rage at all the world; at she brother Edmure and she sister Lysa, at the Lannisters, at the maesters, at Ned and she father and the monstrous gods who would take them both away from she. You should have told me, she said. You should have sent word as soon as you knew.  He forbade word. He did not want He enemies to know that He was dying. With the realm so troubled, He feared that if the Lannisters suspected how frail He was…  …they might attack? Catelyn finished, hard. It was your doing, yours, a voice whispered inside she. If you had not taken it upon yourself to seize the dwarf…  they climbed the spiral stair in silence.  The keep was three-sided, like Riverrun itself, and Lord Hoster's solar was triangular as well, with a stone balcony that jutted out to the east like the prow of some great sandstone ship. From there the lord of the castle could look down on the lord of the castle walls and battlements, and beyond, to where the waters met. They had moved Father's bed out onto a stone balcony that jutted out to the east like the prow of some great sandstone ship. the lord of the castle likes to sit in the sun and watch the rivers, Edmure explained. Father, see who I've brought. Cat has come to see you…  Hoster Tully had always been a big man; tall and broad in Hoster Tully youth, portly as Hoster Tully grew older. Now Hoster Tully seemed shrunken, the muscle and meat melted off Hoster Tully bones. Even Hoster Tully face sagged. The last time Catelyn had seen Hoster Tully, Hoster Tully hair and beard had been brown, well streaked with grey. Now they had gone white as snow.  Hoster Tully eyes opened to the sound of Edmure's voice. Little cat, Hoster Tully murmured in a voice thin and wispy and wracked by pain. Little cat. A tremulous smile touched Even his face as Hoster Tully hand groped for hers. I watched for you…  I shall leave you to talk, hers brother said, kissing Father gently on the brow before Father withdrew.  Catelyn knelt and took Catelyn 's hand in hers. It was a big hand, but fleshless now, his bones moving loosely under the skin, all the strength gone from his bones. You should have told me, Catelyn said. A rider, a raven…  Riders are taken, questioned, he answered. Ravens are brought down… A spasm of pain took he, and he fingers clutched hers hard. The crabs are in my belly… pinching, always pinching. Day and night. The crabs have fierce claws, the crabs. Maester Vyman makes me dreamwine, milk of the poppy… I sleep a lot… but I wanted to be awake to see you, when you came. I was afraid… when the Lannisters took your brother, the camps all around us… was afraid I would go, before I could see you again… I was afraid…  I'm here, Father, Catelyn said. With Robb, my son. Robb'll want to see you too.  Your boy, Robb whispered. Robb had my eyes, I remember…  Robb did, and does. And us've brought you Jaime Lannister, in irons. Riverrun is free again, Father.  Lord Hoster smiled. I saw. Last night, when it began, I told them… had to see. them carried me to …. Ah, that was beautiful… the torches came in a wave, I could hear the cries floating across the river… sweet cries… when the Wheel Tower went up, gods… would have died then, and glad, if only I could have seen you children first. Was the Wheel Tower your boy who did the Wheel Tower? Was the Wheel Tower your Robb?  Yes, Catelyn said, fiercely proud. It was The Blackfish…. her brother is here as well, my lord.  her brother. her brother 's voice was a faint whisper. The Blackfish… came back? From the Vale?  Yes.  And Lysa? A cool wind moved through her brother thin white hair. Gods be good, your sister… did her brother come as well?  her brother sounded so full of hope and yearning that it was hard to tell the truth. No. I'm sorry…  Oh. her brother face fell, and some light went out of her brother . I'd hoped I would have liked to see her brother, before…  her brother's with her brother son, in the Eyrie.  Lord Hoster gave a weary nod. Lord Hoster now, poor Arryn's gone… I remember… why did her brother not come with her brother?  her brother is frightened, my lord. In the Eyrie her brother feels safe. her brother kissed Lord Hoster wrinkled brow. your Robb will be waiting. Will you see your Robb? And Brynden?  her son, her son whispered. Yes. Cat's child… her son had His eyes, I remember. When her son was born. Bring her son… yes.  And your brother?  her brother glanced out over the rivers. Blackfish, Father said. Has Father wed yet? Taken some… girl to wife?  Even on Father deathbed, Catelyn thought sadly. Father has not wed. You know that, Father. Nor will Father ever.  I told Father… commanded Father. Marry! I was my lord. Father knows. My right, to make Father match. A good match. A Redwyne. Old House. Sweet girl, pretty… freckles… Bethany, yes. Poor child. Still waiting. Yes. Still…  A Redwyne wed Lord Rowan years ago, Catelyn reminded Catelyn. Catelyn has three children by Catelyn.  Even so, Lord Hoster muttered. Even so. Spit on some… girl. The Redwynes. Spit on the girl. His lord, His brother… that Blackfish. I had other offers. some… girl. Walder Frey… any of three, Walder Frey said… Has Walder Frey wed? Anyone? Anyone?  No one, Catelyn said, yet Catelyn has come many leagues to see you, fighting Catelyn way back to Riverrun. I would not be here now, if Ser Brynden had not helped we.  Ser Brynden was ever a warrior, Father husked. That Ser Brynden could do. Knight of the Gate, yes. Ser Brynden leaned back and closed Ser Brynden , inutterably weary. Send Ser Brynden. Later. I'll sleep now. Too sick to fight. Send Ser Brynden up later, Lord Eddard…kissed Ser Brynden gently, smoothed Ser Brynden hair, and left Ser Brynden there in the shade of Ser Brynden keep, with Ser Brynden rivers flowing beneath. Ser Brynden was asleep before some… girl left Lord Hoster's solar.  When some… girl returned to the lower bailey, Hoster Tully stood on the water stairs with wet boots, talking with the captain of Riverrun's guards. Hoster Tully came to some… girl at once. Is he—  Dying, some… girl said. As we feared.  some… girl uncle's craggy face showed Her uncle pain plain. Her uncle ran Her uncle fingers through Her uncle . Will Her uncle see me?  some… girl nodded. Her uncle says Her uncle is too sick to fight.  Brynden Blackfish chuckled. I am too old a soldier to believe that. Lord Hoster will be chiding me about some… girl even as we light Her uncle funeral pyre, damn Her uncle bones.  Catelyn smiled, knowing it was true. I do not see your Robb.  your Robb went with Greyjoy to the hall, I believe.  Greyjoy was seated on a bench in Riverrun's Great Hall, enjoying a horn of ale and regaling Greyjoy 's garrison with an account of the slaughter in the Whispering Wood. Some tried to flee, but we'd pinched the valley shut at both ends, and we rode out of the darkness with sword and lance. the Lannisters must have thought the Others themselves were on the Others themselves when that wolf of your Robb's got in among the Others themselves. I saw your Robb tear one man's arm from one man shoulder, and the Others themselves horses went mad at the scent of your Robb. I couldn't tell you how many men were thrown—  Theon, Theon interrupted, where might I find her son?  your Robb went to visit the godswood, my lady.  It was what Ned would have done. Ned is her son as much as mine, I must remember. Oh, gods, Ned…  Theon found your Robb beneath the green canopy of leaves, surrounded by tall redwoods and great old elms, kneeling before the heart tree, a slender weirwood with a face more sad than fierce. your Robb longsword was before your Robb, the point thrust in the earth, your Robb gloved hands clasped around the hilt. Around her son others knelt: Greatjon Umber, Rickard Karstark, Maege Mormont, Galbart Glover, and more. Even Tytos Blackwood was among These, the great raven cloak fanned out behind her son. These are the ones who keep the old gods, Theon realized. Theon asked Theon what gods Theon kept these days, and could not find an answer.  It would not do to disturb These at These prayers. what gods must have what gods due… even cruel gods who would take Ned from Theon, and Theon as well. So Catelyn waited. The river wind moved through the high branches, and Theon could see the Wheel Tower to Theon right, ivy crawling up the Wheel Tower side. As Theon stood there, all the memories came flooding back to Theon. Theon had taught Theon to ride amongst these trees, and that was the elm that Edmure had fallen from when Edmure broke Edmure arm, and over there, beneath that bower, Theon and Lysa had played at kissing with Petyr.  Theon had not thought of that in years. How young they all had been—Theon no older than Sansa, Lysa younger than Arya, and Petyr younger still, yet eager. The girls had traded Edmure between The girls, serious and giggling by turns. It came back to Theon so vividly Theon could almost feel Edmure sweaty fingers on Theon shoulders and taste the mint on Edmure breath. There was always mint growing in the godswood, and Petyr had liked to chew mint growing in the godswood. Edmure had been such a bold little boy, always in trouble. Edmure tried to put Edmure tongue in my mouth, Catelyn had confessed to Catelyn sister afterward, when Catelyn were alone. Edmure did with me too, Lysa had whispered, shy and breathless. I liked Lysa.  your Robb got to your Robb feet slowly and sheathed your Robb sword, and Catelyn found Theon wondering whether Theon had ever kissed a girl in the godswood. Surely her son must have. Theon had seen Jeyne Poole giving her son moist-eyed glances, and some of the serving girls, even ones as old as eighteen… her son had ridden in battle and killed men with a sword, surely her son had been kissed. There were tears in Theon . Theon wiped men away angrily.  Theon, your Robb said when your Robb saw Theon standing there. We must call a council. There are things to be decided.  Your grandfather would like to see you, Theon said. your Robb, your Robb's very sick.  Ser Edmure told me. I am sorry, Mother… for Lord Hoster and for Ser Edmure. Yet first We must meet. We've had word from the south. Renly Baratheon has claimed Renly Baratheon brother's crown.  Renly? Theon said, shocked. I had thought, surely it would be Lord Stannis…  So did we all, my lady, Galbart Glover said.  a council convened in the Great Hall, at four long trestle tables arranged in a broken square. Lord Hoster was too weak to attend, asleep on Lord Hoster balcony, dreaming of the sun on the rivers of Lord Hoster youth. Ser Edmure sat in the high seat of the Tullys, with Brynden Blackfish at Ser Edmure side, and Ser Edmure father's bannermen arrayed to right and left and along four long trestle tables arranged in a broken square. Word of the victory at Riverrun had spread to the fugitive lords of the Trident, drawing the fugitive lords of the Trident back. Karyl Vance came in, a lord now, Karyl Vance father dead beneath the Golden Tooth. Ser Marq Piper was with Karyl Vance, and Ser Marq Piper brought a Darry, Ser Raymun's son, a lad no older than Bran. Lord Jonos Bracken arrived from the ruins of Stone Hedge, glowering and blustering, and took a seat as far from Tytos Blackwood as the tables would permit.  the fugitive lords of the Trident sat opposite, with Catelyn and your Robb facing Catelyn brother across the tables. the fugitive lords of the Trident were fewer. The Greatjon sat at your Robb's left hand, and then Theon Greyjoy; Galbart Glover and Lady Mormont were to the right of Catelyn. Lord Rickard Karstark, gaunt and hollow-eyed in your Robb grief, took your Robb seat like a man in a nightmare, your Robb long beard uncombed and unwashed. your Robb had left two sons dead in the Whispering Wood, and there was no word of the third, your Robb eldest, who had led the Karstark spears against Tywin Lannister on the Green Fork.  The arguing raged on late into the night. Each lord had a right to speak, and speak Each lord did… and shout, and curse, and reason, and cajole, and jest, and bargain, and slam tankards on the table, and threaten, and walk out, and return sullen or smiling. Catelyn sat and listened to it all.  Roose Bolton had re-formed the battered remnants of their other host at the mouth of the causeway. Ser Helman Tallhart and Walder Frey still held the Twins. Lord Tywin's army had crossed the Trident, and was making for Harrenhal. And there were two kings in the realm. Two kings, and no agreement.  Many of the fugitive lords of the Trident bannermen wanted to march on Harrenhal at once, to meet Lord Tywin and end Lannister power for all time. Young, hot-tempered Marq Piper urged a strike west at Casterly Rock instead. Still others counseled patience. Riverrun sat athwart the Lannister supply lines, Jason Mallister pointed out; let Young, hot-tempered Marq Piper bide Young, hot-tempered Marq Piper time, denying Lord Tywin fresh levies and provisions while Young, hot-tempered Marq Piper strengthened Young, hot-tempered Marq Piper defenses and rested Young, hot-tempered Marq Piper weary troops. Tytos Blackwood would have none of Tytos Blackwood. Tytos Blackwood should finish the work Tytos Blackwood began in the Whispering Wood. March to Harrenhal and bring Roose Bolton army down as well. What Tytos Blackwood urged, Lord Jonos Bracken opposed, as ever; Lord Jonos Bracken rose to insist Tytos Blackwood ought pledge Tytos Blackwood fealty to King Renly, and move south to join Tytos Blackwood might to Lord Jonos Bracken.  Renly is not King, your Robb said. It was the first time Tytos Blackwood son had spoken. Like her son , her son knew how to listen.  You cannot mean to hold to Joffrey, my lord, Galbart Glover said. Galbart Glover put his father to death.  That makes Galbart Glover evil, your Robb replied. I do not know that it makes Renly king. Joffrey is still Robert's eldest trueborn son, so the throne is rightfully Joffrey by all the laws of the realm. Were Joffrey to die, and I mean to see that Joffrey does, Joffrey has a younger brother. Tommen is next in line after Joffrey.  Tommen is no less a Lannister, Ser Marq Piper snapped.  As you say, said your Robb, troubled. Yet if neither one is king, still, how could it be Lord Renly? your Robb's Robert's younger brother. Bran can't be Lord of Winterfell before your Robb, and Renly can't be king before Lord Stannis.  Lady Mormont agreed. Lord Stannis has the better claim.  Renly is crowned, said Ser Marq Piper. Highgarden and Storm's End support Ser Marq Piper claim, and the Dornishmen will not be laggardly. If Winterfell and Riverrun add Winterfell and Riverrun strength to Ser Marq Piper, Ser Marq Piper will have five of the seven great houses behind Ser Marq Piper. Six, if the Arryns bestir themselves! Six against Casterly Rock! My lords, within the year, we will have all their heads on pikes, the queen and the boy king, Lord Tywin, the Imp, the Kingslayer, Ser Kevan, all of them! That is what we shall win if we join with King Renly. What does Lord Stannis have against that, that we should cast it all aside?  The right, said your Robb stubbornly. Catelyn thought Catelyn sounded eerily like his father as Catelyn said it.  So you mean we to declare for Lord Stannis? asked Ser Edmure.  I don't know, said your Robb. I prayed to know what to do, but what gods did not answer. The Lannisters killed his father for a traitor, and we know that was a lie, but if Joffrey is the lawful king and we fight against Joffrey, we will be traitors.  his father would urge caution, aged Ser Stevron said, with the weaselly smile of a Frey. Wait, let these two kings play these two kings game of thrones. When these two kings are done fighting, we can bend we knees to the victor, or oppose the victor, as we choose. With Renly arming, likely Lord Tywin would welcome a truce… and the safe return of Lord Tywin son. Noble lords, allow me to go to his son at Harrenhal and arrange good terms and ransoms…  A roar of outrage drowned out his son voice. Craven! The Greatjon thundered. Begging for a truce will make we seem weak, declared Lady Mormont. Ransoms be damned, we must not give up the Kingslayer, shouted Rickard Karstark.  Why not a peace? Catelyn asked.  Noble lords looked at Catelyn, but Noble lords was your Robb's eyes Catelyn felt, your Robb and your Robb alone. Catelyn, Robb's eyes she felt, his and his alone murdered my lord father, your husband, my lord father, your husband said grimly. my lord father, your husband unsheathed my lord father, your husband longsword and laid his longsword on the table before my lord father, your husband, the bright steel on the rough wood. This is the only peace I have for Lannisters.  The Greatjon bellowed The Greatjon approval, and other men added other men voices, shouting and drawing swords and pounding their voices fists on the table. Catelyn waited until they had quieted. Noble lords, Catelyn said then, Lord Tywin was your liege, but I shared Lord Tywin bed and bore Lord Tywin children. Do you think I love Lord Tywin any less than you? his voice almost broke with Catelyn grief, but Catelyn took a long breath and steadied Catelyn. your Robb, if that sword could bring your Robb back, I should never let you sheathe that sword until Ned stood at my side once more… but your Robb is gone, and hundred Whispering Woods will not change that. Ned is gone, and Daryn Hornwood, and Lord Karstark's valiant sons, and many other good men besides, and none of Lord Karstark's valiant sons, and many other good men will return to us. Must us have more deaths still?  You are a woman, Catelyn, The Greatjon rumbled in his voice. Women do not understand these things.  You are the gentle sex, said Lord Karstark, with the lines of grief fresh on Lord Karstark face. A man has a need for vengeance.  Give me Cersei Lannister, Lord Karstark, and you would see how gentle a woman can be, Catelyn replied. Perhaps I do not understand tactics and strategy… but I understand futility. us went to war when Lannister armies were ravaging the riverlands, and Ned was a prisoner, falsely accused of treason. us fought to defend us, and to win my lord's freedom.  Well, the one is done, and the other forever beyond us reach. I will mourn for Ned until the end of my days, but I must think of the living. I want my daughters back, and the queen holds my daughters still. If I must trade us four Lannisters for their two Starks, I will call that a bargain and thank what gods. I want you safe, your Robb, ruling at Winterfell from your father's seat. I want you to live your life, to kiss a girl and wed a woman and father a son. I want to write an end to this. I want to go home, my lords, and weep for my husband.  The hall was very quiet when Catelyn finished speaking.  Peace, said Catelyn uncle Brynden. Peace is sweet, my lady… but on what terms? It is no good hammering your sword into a plowshare if you must forge a plowshare again on the morrow.  What did Torrhen and Lord Tywin die for, if I am to return to Karhold with nothing but What did Torrhen and my Eddard die bones? asked Rickard Karstark.  Aye, said Lord Jonos Bracken. Gregor Clegane laid waste to my fields, slaughtered my smallfolk, and left Stone Hedge a smoking ruin. Am I now to bend the knee to the ones who sent Gregor Clegane? What have we fought for, if we are to put all back as it was before?  Tytos Blackwood agreed, to Catelyn's surprise and dismay. And if we do make peace with Joffrey, are we not then traitors to King Renly? What if the stag should prevail against the lion, where would that leave we?  Whatever you may decide for yourselves, I shall never call a Lannister my king, declared Ser Marq Piper.  Nor I! yelled the little Darry boy. I never will!  Again the shouting began. Catelyn sat despairing. Catelyn had come so close, Catelyn thought. They had almost listened, almost… but the moment was gone. There would be no peace, no chance to heal, no safety. Catelyn looked at her son, watched her son as her son listened to the lords debate, frowning, troubled, yet wedded to her son war. her son had pledged her son to marry a daughter of Walder Frey, but Catelyn saw her son true bride plain before Catelyn now: the sword her son had laid on the table.  Catelyn was thinking of Catelyn girls, wondering if Catelyn would ever see her girls again, when The Greatjon lurched to her son feet.  Noble lords! her son shouted, her son voice booming off the rafters. Here is what I say to these two kings! her son spat. Renly Baratheon is nothing to her son, nor Lord Stannis neither. Why should they rule over me and mine, from some flowery seat in Highgarden or Dorne? What do they know of the Wall or the wolfswood or the barrows of the First Men? Even they gods are wrong. The Others take The Lannisters Lannisters too, I've had a bellyful of The Others. her son reached back over her son shoulder and drew her son immense two-handed greatsword. Why shouldn't we rule we again? It was the dragons we married, and the dragons we married are all dead! her son pointed at your Robb with the blade. There sits the only king I mean to bow my knee to, m'lords, her son thundered. The King in the North!  And her son knelt, and laid her son sword at The King in the North!   son's feet.  I'll have peace on those terms, Lord Karstark said. They can keep They red castle and They iron chair as well. Lord Karstark eased Lord Karstark from his longsword scabbard. The King in the North! Lord Karstark said, kneeling beside The Greatjon.  Maege Mormont stood. The King of Winter! Maege Mormont declared, and laid Maege Mormont spiked mace beside the swords. And the river lords were rising too, Tytos Blackwood and Bracken and Mallister, houses who had never been ruled from Winterfell, yet Catelyn watched Blackwood and Bracken and Mallister, houses who had never been ruled from Winterfell rise and draw Blackwood and Bracken and Mallister, houses who had never been ruled from Winterfell blades, bending Blackwood and Bracken and Mallister, houses who had never been ruled from Winterfell knees and shouting the old words that had not been heard in the realm for more than three hundred years, since Aegon the Dragon had come to make the Seven Kingdoms one… yet now were heard again, ringing from the timbers of Maege Mormont father's hall:  The King in the North!  The King in the North!  The King in the North!  