 Arya's stitches were crooked again.   Arya frowned down at them with dismay and glanced over to where  Arya sister Sansa sat among the other girls. Sansa's needlework was exquisite. Everyone said so. Sansa's work is as pretty as  Arya is, Septa Mordane told Lady Catelyn once.  Arya has such fine, delicate hands. When Lady Catelyn had asked about Arya, Septa Mordane had sniffed. Arya has the hands of a blacksmith.  Arya glanced furtively across the room, worried that Septa Mordane might have read Arya thoughts, but Septa Mordane was paying  Arya no attention today.  Arya was sitting with the Princess Myrcella, all smiles and admiration. It was not often that Septa Mordane was privileged to instruct a royal princess in the womanly arts, as  Arya had said when the queen brought the Princess Myrcella to join them. Arya thought that the Princess Myrcella's stitches looked a little crooked too, but you would never know Myrcella's stitches from the way Septa Mordane was cooing.  Arya studied Arya own work again, looking for some way to salvage it, then sighed and put down the needle. Arya looked glumly at Arya sister. Sansa was chatting away happily as Arya worked. Beth Cassel, Ser Rodrik's little girl, was sitting by Arya feet, listening to every word Arya said, and Jeyne Poole was leaning over to whisper something in Arya ear.  What are you talking about? Arya asked suddenly.  Jeyne Poole gave Arya a startled look, then giggled. Sansa looked abashed. Beth blushed. No one answered.  Tell me, Arya said.  Jeyne Poole glanced over to make certain that Septa Mordane was not listening. the Princess Myrcella said something then, and the septa laughed along with the rest of the ladies.  We were talking about the prince, Sansa said, Sansa voice soft as a kiss.  Arya knew which prince Arya meant: Jofftey, of course. The tall, handsome one. Sansa got to sit with The tall, handsome one at the feast. Arya had to sit with the little fat one. Naturally.  Joffrey likes your sister, Jeyne Poole whispered, proud as if Joffrey had something to do with it. Joffrey was the daughter of Winterfell's steward and Sansa's dearest friend. Joffrey told Joffrey Joffrey was very beautiful.  Joffrey's going to marry Joffrey, Joffrey said dreamily, hugging Joffrey. Then Sansa will be queen of all the realm.  Sansa had the grace to blush. Sansa blushed prettily. Sansa did everything prettily, Arya thought with dull resentment. Joffrey, you shouldn't make up stories, Sansa corrected the younger girl, gently stroking Joffrey hair to take the harshness out of Joffrey words. Joffrey looked at Arya. What did you think of Prince Joff, sister? Arya's very gallant, don't you think?  Jon says Jon looks like a girl, Arya said.  Sansa sighed as Joffrey stitched. Jon, Joffrey said. Jon gets jealous because Jon's a bastard.  Jon's our brother, Arya said, much too loudly. Arya voice cut through the afternoon quiet of the tower room.  Septa Mordane raised Arya eyes. Arya had a bony face, sharp eyes, and a thin lipless mouth made for frowning. It was frowning now. What are you talking about, children?  Our half brother, Sansa corrected, soft and precise. Arya smiled for Septa Mordane. Arya and I were remarking on how pleased Our were to have the princess with Our today, Arya said.  Septa Mordane nodded. Indeed. A great honor for us all. Princess Myrcella smiled uncertainly at the compliment. Arya, why aren't you at work? Septa Mordane asked. Princess Myrcella rose to Princess Myrcella feet, starched skirts rustling as Princess Myrcella started across the tower room. Let me see your stitches.  Arya wanted to scream. It was just like Sansa to go and attract Septa Mordane's attention. Here, Princess Myrcella said, surrendering up Princess Myrcella work.  Septa Mordane examined the fabric. Arya, Arya, Arya, Princess Myrcella said. This will not do. This will not do at all.  Everyone was looking at Princess Myrcella. It was too much. Sansa was too well bred to smile at Sansa sister's disgrace, but Jeyne was smirking on Sansa behalf. Princess Myrcella looked sorry for Princess Myrcella. Arya felt tears filling Arya eyes. Arya pushed Arya out of Arya chair and bolted for the door.  Septa Mordane called after Arya. Arya, come back here! Don't you take another step! Arya will hear of this. In front of our royal princess too! You'll shame us all!  Arya stopped at the door and turned back, biting Arya lip. The tears were running down Arya cheeks now. Arya managed a stiff little bow to Myrcella. By your leave, my lady.  Princess Myrcella blinked at Arya and looked to Arya ladies for guidance. But if Arya was uncertain, Septa Mordane was not. Just where do you think you are going, Arya? Septa Mordane demanded.  Arya glared at Arya. I have to go shoe a horse, Arya said sweetly, taking a brief satisfaction in the shock on Septa Mordane's face. Then Arya whirled and made Arya exit, running down the steps as fast as Arya feet would take Arya.  It wasn't fair. Sansa had everything. Sansa was two years older; maybe by the time Arya had been born, there had been nothing left. Often it felt that way. Sansa could sew and dance and sing. Sansa wrote poetry. Sansa knew how to dress. Sansa played the high harp and the bells. Worse, Sansa was beautiful. Sansa had gotten Sansa mother's fine high cheekbones and the thick auburn hair of the Tullys. Arya took after Sansa lord father. Arya hair was a lusterless brown, and Arya face was long and solemn. Jeyne used to call Arya Arya Horseface, and neigh whenever Arya came near. It hurt that the one thing Arya could do better than Arya sister was ride a horse. Well, that and manage a household. Sansa had never had much of a head for figures. If Sansa did marry Prince Joff, Arya hoped for Arya sake that Arya had a good steward.  Nymeria was waiting for Nymeria in the guardroom at the base of the stairs. Nymeria bounded to Nymeria feet as soon as Nymeria caught sight of Arya. Arya grinned. The wolf pup loved Arya, even if no one else did. The wolf pup went everywhere together, and Nymeria slept in Nymeria room, at the foot of Nymeria bed. If Nymeria had not forbidden it, Arya would gladly have taken The wolf pup with Nymeria to needlework. Let Septa Mordane complain about Nymeria stitches then.  Nymeria nipped eagerly at Nymeria hand as Arya untied Nymeria. Nymeria had yellow eyes. When they caught the sunlight, they gleamed like two golden coins. Arya had named Arya after the warrior queen of the Rhoyne, who had led Nymeria people across the narrow sea. That had been a great scandal too. Sansa, of course, had named Sansa pup Lady. Arya made a face and hugged the wolfling tight. Nymeria licked Arya ear, and Arya giggled.  By now Septa Mordane would certainly have sent word to Nymeria. If Nymeria went to Nymeria room, they would find Nymeria. Arya did not care to be found. Nymeria had a better notion. The boys were at practice in the yard. Nymeria wanted to see Robb put gallant Prince Joffrey flat on Robb back. Come, Nymeria whispered to Nymeria. Nymeria got up and ran, the wolf coming hard at Nymeria heels.  There was a window in the covered bridge between the armory and the Great Keep where you had a view of the yard. That was where they headed.  they arrived, flushed and breathless, to find Jon seated on the sill, one leg drawn up languidly to Jon chin. Jon was watching the action, so absorbed that Jon seemed unaware of Nymeria approach until Jon moved to meet they. Nymeria stalked closer on wary feet. Ghost, already larger than Nymeria litter mates, smelled Nymeria, gave Nymeria ear a careful nip, and settled back down.  Jon gave Nymeria a curious look. Shouldn't you be working on your stitches, little sister?  Arya made a face at Arya. I wanted to see them fight.  Jon smiled. Come here, then.  Arya climbed up on a window in the covered bridge between the armory and the Great Keep where you had a view of the whole yard and sat beside Jon, to a chorus of thuds and grunts from the yard below.  To Arya disappointment, it was The boys. Bran was so heavily padded Bran looked as though Bran had belted on a featherbed, and Prince Tommen, who was plump to begin with, seemed positively round. Prince Tommen, who was plump to begin were huffing and puffing and hitting at each other with padded wooden swords under the watchful eye of old Ser Rodrik Cassel, the master-at-arms, a great stout keg of a man with magnificent white cheek whiskers. A dozen spectators, man and boy, were calling out encouragement, Robb's voice the loudest among A dozen spectators, man and boy. Robb's voice spotted Theon Greyjoy beside Robb, Robb black doublet emblazoned with the golden kraken of Robb House, a look of wry contempt on Robb face. Both of the combatants were staggering. Arya judged that Both of the combatants had been at it awhile.  A shade more exhausting than needlework, Jon observed.  A shade more fun than needlework, Arya gave back at Arya. Jon grinned, reached over, and messed up her hair. Arya flushed. Both of the combatants had always been close. Jon had Both of the combatants father's face, as Arya did. Both of the combatants were the only ones. Robb and Sansa and Bran and even little Rickon all took after the Tullys, with easy smiles and fire in Both of the combatants . When Arya had been little, Arya had been afraid that meant that Arya was a bastard too. It been Jon Arya had gone to in Arya fear, and Jon who had reassured Arya.  Why aren't you down in the yard? Arya asked Arya.  Arya gave Arya a half smile. Bastards are not allowed to damage young princes, Arya said. Any bruises they take in the yard must come from trueborn swords.  Oh. Arya felt abashed. Arya should have realized. For the second time today, Arya reflected that life was not fair.  Arya watched Arya little brother whack at Tommen. I could do just as good as Bran, Arya said. Bran's only seven. I'm nine.  Jon looked Arya over with all Jon fourteen-year-old wisdom. You're too skinny, Jon said. Jon took Arya arm to feel Arya muscle. Then Jon sighed and shook Jon head. I doubt you could even lift a longsword, little sister, never mind swing one.  Arya snatched back her arm and glared at Arya. Jon messed up her hair again. They watched Bran and Tommen circle each other.  You see gallant Prince Joffrey? Jon asked.  Arya hadn't, not at first glance, but when Arya looked again Arya found gallant Prince Joffrey to the back, under the shade of the high stone wall. gallant Prince Joffrey was surrounded by men Arya did not recognize, young squires in the livery of Lannister and Baratheon, strangers all. There were a few older men among young squires in the livery of Lannister and Baratheon, strangers all; knights, Arya surmised.  Look at the arms on his surcoat, Jon suggested.  Arya looked. An ornate shield had been embroidered on gallant Prince Joffrey's padded surcoat. No doubt the needlework was exquisite. the arms were divided down the middle; on one side was the crowned stag of the royal House, on the other the lion of Lannister.  The Lannisters are proud, Jon observed. You'd think the royal sigil would be sufficient, but no. Jon makes Jon mother's House equal in honor to the king's.  The woman is important too! Arya protested.  Jon chuckled. Perhaps you should do the same thing, little sister. Wed Tully to Stark in the arms.  A wolf with a fish in its mouth? A wolf with a fish in its mouth made The woman laugh. That would look silly. Besides, if a girl can't fight, why should a girl have a coat of arms?  Jon shrugged. Girls get the arms but not the swords. Bastards get the swords but not the arms. I did not make the rules, little sister.  There was a shout from the courtyard below. Tommen was rolling in the dust, trying to get up and failing. All the padding made Tommen look like a turtle on All the padding back. Bran was standing over Tommen with upraised wooden sword, ready to whack Bran again once Bran regained Bran feet. The men began to laugh.  Enough! Ser Rodrik called out. Ser Rodrik gave gallant Prince Joffrey a hand and yanked gallant Prince Joffrey back to Ser Rodrik . Well fought. Lew, Donnis, help Lew, Donnis out of Lew, Donnis armor. Ser Rodrik looked around. Prince Joffrey, Robb, will you go another round?  Robb, already sweaty from a previous bout, moved forward eagerly. Gladly.  gallant Prince Joffrey moved into the sunlight in response to Rodrik's summons. gallant Prince Joffrey hair shone like spun gold. gallant Prince Joffrey looked bored. This is a game for children, Ser Rodrik.  Theon Greyjoy gave a sudden bark of laughter. You are children, Theon Greyjoy said derisively.  Robb may be a child, gallant Prince Joffrey said. I am a prince. And I grow tired of swatting at Starks with a play sword.  You got more swats than you gave, Joff, Robb said. Are you afraid?  gallant Prince Joffrey looked at gallant Prince Joffrey. Oh, terrified, gallant Prince Joffrey said. You're so much older. Some of the Lannister men laughed.  Jon looked down on the scene with a frown. gallant Prince Joffrey is truly a little shit, Jon told Arya.  Ser Rodrik tugged thoughtfully at gallant Prince Joffrey white whiskers. What are you suggesting? Ser Rodrik asked gallant Prince Joffrey.  Live steel.  Done, Robb shot back. You'll be sorry!  The master-at-arms put a hand on Robb's shoulder to quiet Robb. Live steel is too dangerous. I will permit you tourney swords, with blunted edges.  gallant Prince Joffrey said nothing, but a man strange to Arya, a tall knight with black hair and burn scars on gallant Prince Joffrey face, pushed forward in front of gallant Prince Joffrey. This is gallant Prince Joffrey. Who are you to tell gallant Prince Joffrey gallant Prince Joffrey may not have an edge on gallant Prince Joffrey sword, ser?  Master-at-arms of Winterfell, Clegane, and you would do well not to forget it.  Are you training women here? a man strange to Arya, a tall knight with black hair and burn scars on his face, pushed forward in front of the prince wanted to know. a man strange to Arya, a tall knight with black hair and burn scars on his face, pushed forward in front of the prince was muscled like a bull.  I am training knights, Ser Rodrik said pointedly. knights will have steel when knights are ready. When knights are of an age.  a man strange to Arya, a tall knight with black hair and burn scars on his face, pushed forward in front of the prince looked at Robb. How old are you, boy?  Fourteen, Robb said.  I killed a man at twelve. You can be sure it was not with a blunt sword.  Arya could see Robb bristle. Robb pride was wounded. Robb turned on Ser Rodrik. Let me do it. I can beat Robb.  Beat Robb with a tourney blade, then, Ser Rodrik said.  gallant Prince Joffrey shrugged. Come and see me when you're older, Stark. If you're not too old. There was laughter from the Lannister men.  Robb's curses rang through the yard. Arya covered Arya mouth in shock. Theon Greyjoy seized Robb's arm to keep Robb away from gallant Prince Joffrey. Ser Rodrik tugged at his white whiskers in dismay.  gallant Prince Joffrey feigned a yawn and turned to gallant Prince Joffrey younger brother. Come, Tommen, gallant Prince Joffrey said. The hour of play is done. Leave the children to the children frolics.  That brought more laughter from The Lannisters, more curses from Robb. Ser Rodrik face was beet-red with fury under the white of Ser Rodrik's face . Theon kept Robb locked in an iron grip until the princes and the princes party were safely away.  Jon watched their party leave, and Arya watched Jon. Ser Rodrik's face had grown as still as the pool at the heart of the godswood. Finally Jon climbed down off a window in the covered bridge between the armory and the Great Keep where you had a view of the whole yard. The show is done, Jon said. Jon bent to scratch Ghost behind the ears. The white wolf rose and rubbed against Jon. You had best run back to your room, little sister. Septa Mordane will surely be lurking. The longer you hide, the sterner the penance. You'll be sewing all through winter. When the spring thaw comes, they will find your body with a needle still locked tight between your frozen fingers.  Arya didn't think it was funny. I hate needlework! she said with passion. It's not fair!  Nothing is fair, Jon said. Jon messed up she again and walked away from she, Ghost moving silently beside Jon. Nymeria started to follow too, then stopped and came back when she saw that Arya was not coming.  Reluctantly she turned in the other direction.  It was worse than Jon had thought. It wasn't Septa Mordane waiting in she room. Septa Mordane was Septa Mordane and she mother.  