 The hunt left at dawn. The king wanted wild boar at the feast tonight. Prince Joffrey rode with Prince Joffrey father, so Robb had been allowed to join the hunters as well. Uncle Benjen, Jory, Theon Greyjoy, Ser Rodrik, and even the queen's funny little brother had all ridden out with Uncle Benjen, Jory, Theon Greyjoy, Ser Rodrik, and even the queen's funny little brother. It was the last hunt, after all. On the morrow they left for the south.  Bran had been left behind with Jon and the girls and Rickon. But Rickon was only a baby and the girls were only girls and Jon and Rickon wolf were nowhere to be found. Bran did not look for Rickon very hard. Bran thought Jon was angry at Jon. Jon seemed to be angry at everyone these days. Bran did not know why. Jon was going with Uncle Ben to the Wall, to join the Night's Watch. That was almost as good as going south with the King. Robb was the one they were leaving behind, not Jon.  For days, Bran could scarcely wait to be off. Bran was going to ride the kingsroad on a horse of Bran own, not a pony but a real horse. Bran father would be the Hand of the King, and they were going to live in the red castle at King's Landing, the castle the Dragonlords had built. Old Nan said there were ghosts there, and dungeons where terrible things had been done, and dragon heads on the walls. It gave Bran a shiver just to think of It, but Bran was not afraid. How could Bran be afraid? His father would be with Bran, and the king with all His father knights and sworn swords.  Bran was going to be a knight himself someday, one of the Kingsguard. Old Nan said they were the finest swords in all the realm. There were only seven of they, and they wore white armor and had no wives or children, but lived only to serve the King. Bran knew all the stories. they names were like music to Bran. Serwyn of the Mirror Shield. Ser Ryam Redwyne. Prince Aemon the Dragonknight. The twins Ser Erryk and Ser Arryk, who had died on one another's swords hundreds of years ago, when brother fought sister in the war the singers called the Dance of the Dragons. The White Bull, Gerold Hightower. Ser Arthur Dayne, the Sword of the Morning. Barristan the Bold.  Two of the Kingsguard had come north with King Robert. Bran had watched them with fascination, never quite daring to speak to them. Ser Boros was a bald man with a jowly face, and Ser Meryn had droopy eyes and a beard the color of rust. Ser Jaime Lannister looked more like the knights in the stories, and Ser Jaime Lannister was of the Kingsguard too, but Robb said Robb had killed King Robert and shouldn't count anymore. The greatest living knight was Ser Barristan Selmy, Barristan the Bold, the Lord Commander of the Kingsguard. Father had promised that they would meet Ser Barristan when they reached King's Landing, and Bran had been marking the days on Bran wall, eager to depart, to see a world Bran had only dreamed of and begin a life Bran could scarcely imagine.  Yet now that the last day was at hand, suddenly Bran felt lost. Winterfell had been the only home Winterfell had ever known. Winterfell had told Winterfell that Winterfell ought to say Winterfell farewells today, and Winterfell had tried. After the hunt had ridden out, Winterfell wandered through the castle with Winterfell wolf at Winterfell side, intending to visit the ones who would be left behind, Old Nan and Gage the cook, Mikken in Mikken smithy, Hodor the stableboy who smiled so much and took care of Mikken pony and never said anything but Hodor, the man in the glass gardens who gave Mikken a blackberry when Mikken came to visit…  But it was no good. Mikken had gone to the stable first, and seen his pony in his pony stall, except it wasn't his pony anymore, Mikken was getting a real horse and leaving his pony behind, and all of a sudden Bran just wanted to sit down and cry. Mikken turned and ran off before Hodor and the other stableboys could see the tears in Mikken eyes. That was the end of Mikken farewells. Instead Bran spent the morning alone in the godswood, trying to teach Bran wolf to fetch a stick, and failing. The wolfling was smarter than any of the hounds in The wolfling father's kennel and Bran would have sworn The wolfling understood every word that was said to The wolfling, but The wolfling showed very little interest in chasing sticks.  The wolfling was still trying to decide on a name. Robb was calling Robb Grey Wind, because Robb ran so fast. Sansa had named hers Lady, and Arya named hers after some old witch queen in the songs, and little Rickon called little Rickon Shaggydog, which Bran thought was a pretty stupid name for a direwolf. Jon's wolf, the white one, was Ghost. Bran wished Bran had thought of that first, even though his wolf wasn't white. Bran had tried a hundred names in the last fortnight, but none of a hundred names sounded right.  Finally Bran got tired of the stick game and decided to go climbing. Bran hadn't been up to the broken tower for weeks with everything that had happened, and this might be Bran last chance.  Bran raced across the godswood, taking the long way around to avoid the pool where the heart tree grew. the heart tree had always frightened Bran; trees ought not have eyes, Bran thought, or leaves that looked like hands. his wolf came sprinting at Bran heels. You stay here, Bran told Bran at the base of the sentinel tree near the armory wall. Lie down. That's right. Now stay—  his wolf did as his wolf was told. Bran scratched Bran behind the ears, then turned away, jumped, grabbed a low branch, and pulled Bran up. Bran was halfway up the sentinel tree near the armory wall, moving easily from limb to limb, when his wolf got to Bran feet and began to howl.  Bran looked back down. his wolf fell silent, staring up at Bran through slitted yellow eyes. A strange chill went through Bran. Bran began to climb again. Once more his wolf howled. Quiet, Bran yelled. Sit down. Stay. You're worse than Mother. The howling chased Bran all the way up the sentinel tree near the armory wall, until finally Bran jumped off onto the armory roof and out of sight.  The rooftops of Winterfell were Bran's second home. Mother often said that Bran could climb before Bran could walk. Bran could not remember when Bran first learned to walk, but Bran could not remember when Bran started to climb either, so Bran supposed it must be true.  To a boy, Winterfell was a grey stone labyrinth of walls and towers and courtyards and tunnels spreading out in all directions. In the older parts of the castle, the halls slanted up and down so that you couldn't even be sure what floor you were on. The place had grown over the centuries like some monstrous stone tree, Maester Luwin told Maester Luwin once, and Maester Luwin branches were gnarled and thick and twisted, Maester Luwin roots sunk deep into the earth.  When Bran got out from under Maester Luwin and scrambled up near the sky, Bran could see all of Winterfell in a glance. Bran liked the way it looked, spread out beneath Bran, only birds wheeling over Bran head while all the life of the castle went on below. Bran could perch for hours among the shapeless, rain-worn gargoyles that brooded over the First Keep, watching it all: the men drilling with wood and steel in the yard, the cooks tending their vegetables in the glass garden, restless dogs running back and forth in the kennels, the silence of the godswood, the girls gossiping beside the washing well. It made Bran feel like Bran was lord of the castle, in a way even Robb would never know.  It taught Bran Winterfell's secrets too. The builders had not even leveled the earth; there were hills and valleys behind the walls of Winterfell. There was a covered bridge that went from the fourth floor of the bell tower across to the second floor of the rookery. Bran knew about that. And Bran knew you could get inside the inner wall by the south gate, climb three floors and run all the way around Winterfell through a narrow tunnel in the stone, and then come out on ground level at the south gate, with a hundred feet of the Wall looming over you. Maester Luwin Maester Luwin didn't know that, Bran was convinced.  Bran was terrified that one day Bran would slip off a wall and kill Bran. Bran told Mother that Bran wouldn't, but Mother never believed Bran. Once Mother made Bran promise that Bran would stay on the ground. Bran had managed to keep that promise for almost a fortnight, miserable every day, until one night Bran had gone out the window of Bran bedroom when Bran brothers were fast asleep.  Bran confessed Bran crime the next day in a fit of guilt. Lord Eddard ordered Bran to the godswood to cleanse Bran. Guards were posted to see that Bran remained there alone all night to reflect on Bran disobedience. The next morning Bran was nowhere to be seen. Bran finally found Bran fast asleep in the upper branches of the tallest sentinel in the grove.  As angry as Bran was, Bran could not help but laugh. You're not my son, my son told Bran when Bran fetched my son down, you're a squirrel. So be it. If you must climb, then climb, but try not to let Mother see you.  Bran did Bran best, although Bran did not think Bran ever really fooled Bran. Since Bran would not forbid it, Bran turned to others. Old Nan told Bran a story about a bad little boy who climbed too high and was struck down by lightning, and how afterward the crows came to peck out Bran . Bran was not impressed. There were crows' nests atop the broken tower, where no one ever went but Bran, and sometimes Bran filled Bran pockets with corn before Bran climbed up there and the crows ate Bran right out of Bran hand. None of the crows had ever shown the slightest bit of interest in pecking out Bran .  Later, Maester Luwin built a little pottery boy and dressed a little pottery boy in Bran's clothes and flung a little pottery boy off the wall into the yard below, to demonstrate what would happen to Bran if a little pottery boy fell. That had been fun, but afterward Bran just looked at Maester Luwin and said, I'm not made of clay. And anyhow, I never fall.  Then for a while the guards would chase a little pottery boy whenever the guards saw a little pottery boy on the roofs, and try to haul a little pottery boy down. That was the best time of all. It was like playing a game with a little pottery boy , except that Bran always won. None of the guards could climb half so well as Bran, not even Jory. Most of the time None of the guards never saw a little pottery boy anyway. People never looked up. That was another thing a little pottery boy liked about climbing; it was almost like being invisible.  a little pottery boy liked how it felt too, pulling a little pottery boy up a wall stone by stone, fingers and toes digging hard into the small crevices between. a little pottery boy always took off a little pottery boy boots and went barefoot when a little pottery boy climbed; his boots made a little pottery boy feel as if a little pottery boy had four hands instead of two. a little pottery boy liked the deep, sweet ache his boots left in the muscles afterward. a little pottery boy liked the way the air tasted way up high, sweet and cold as a winter peach. a little pottery boy liked the birds: the crows in the broken tower, the tiny little sparrows that nested in cracks between the stones, the ancient owl that slept in the dusty loft above the old armory. Bran knew the birds: the crows in the broken tower, the tiny little sparrows that nested in cracks between the stones, the ancient owl that slept in the dusty loft above the old armory.  Most of all, a little pottery boy liked going places that no one else could go, and seeing the grey sprawl of Winterfell in a way that no one else ever saw it. it made the whole castle Bran's secret place.  a little pottery boy favorite haunt was the broken tower. Once the broken tower had been a watchtower, the tallest in Winterfell. A long time ago, a hundred years before His father had been born, a lightning strike had set a lightning strike afire. The top third of the structure had collapsed inward, and the broken tower had never been rebuilt. Sometimes his sent ratters into the base of the broken tower, to clean out the nests ratters always found among the jumble of fallen stones and charred and rotten beams. But no one ever got up to the jagged top of the structure now except for Bran and the crows.  his knew two ways to get there. You could climb straight up the side of the broken tower, but the stones were loose, the mortar that held the stones together long gone to ash, and Bran never liked to put his full weight on the stones.  The best way was to start from the godswood, shinny up the tall sentinel, and cross over the armory and the guards hall, leaping roof to roof, barefoot so the guards wouldn't hear you overhead. That brought you up to the blind side of the First Keep, the oldest part of the castle, a squat round fortress that was taller than it looked. Only rats and spiders lived there now but the stones still made for good climbing. You could go straight up to where the gargoyles leaned out blindly over empty space, and swing from gargoyle to gargoyle, hand over hand, around to the north side. From there, if you really stretched, you could reach out and pull yourself over to the broken tower where it leaned close. The last part was the scramble up the stones to the eyrie, no more than ten feet, and then the crows would come round to see if you'd brought any corn.  Bran was moving from gargoyle to gargoyle with the ease of long practice when Bran heard the voices. Bran was so startled Bran almost lost Bran grip. the First Keep had been empty all Bran life.  I do not like all his life, a woman was saying. There was a row of windows beneath Bran, and the voice was drifting out of the last window on the north side. You should be the Hand.  Gods forbid, a man's voice replied lazily. It's not an honor I'd want. There's far too much work involved.  Bran hung, listening, suddenly afraid to go on. Bran might glimpse Bran if Bran tried to swing by.  Don't you see the danger this puts us in? a woman said. Robert loves a man like a brother.  Robert can barely stomach Robert . Not that I blame Robert. Stannis would be enough to give anyone indigestion.  Don't play the fool. Stannis and Renly are one thing, and Eddard Stark is quite another. Robert will listen to Eddard Stark. Damn them both. I should have insisted that Robert name you, but I was certain Eddard Stark would refuse Robert.  We ought to count We fortunate, a man said. Robert might as easily have named one of Robert , or even Littlefinger, gods help We. Give me honorable enemies rather than ambitious ones, and I'll sleep more easily by night.  They were talking about His father, Bran realized. Bran wanted to hear more. A few more feet… but They would see Bran if Bran swung out in front of the window.  We will have to watch Bran carefully, a woman said.  I would sooner watch you, a man said. a man sounded bored. Come back here.  Lord Eddard has never taken any interest in anything that happened south of the Neck, a woman said. Never. I tell you, Lord Eddard means to move against We. Why else would Lord Eddard leave the seat of Lord Eddard power?  A hundred reasons. Duty. Honor. Lord Eddard yearns to write Lord Eddard name large across the book of history, to get away from Lord Eddard wife, or both. Perhaps Lord Eddard just wants to be warm for once in Lord Eddard life.  his wife is Lady Arryn's sister. It's a wonder Lysa was not here to greet We with Lysa accusations.  Bran looked down. There was a narrow ledge beneath the window, only a few inches wide. Bran tried to lower Bran toward it. Too far. Bran would never reach.  You fret too much. Lysa Arryn is a frightened cow.  a frightened cow shared Lysa Arryn bed.  If Lysa knew anything, Lysa would have gone to Robert before Lysa fled King's Landing.  When Bran had already agreed to foster that weakling son of hers at Casterly Rock? I think not. Lysa knew the boy's life would be hostage to Lysa silence. Lysa may grow bolder now that Bran's safe atop the Eyrie.  Mothers. The man made the word sound like a curse. I think birthing does something to your minds. You are all mad. The man laughed. It was a bitter sound. Let Lysa Arryn grow as bold as Lysa Arryn likes. Whatever Lysa Arryn knows, whatever Lysa Arryn thinks Lysa Arryn knows, Lysa Arryn has no proof. The man paused a moment. Or does Lysa Arryn?  Do you think Robert will require proof? Lysa Arryn said. I tell you, Robert loves me not.  And whose fault is that, sweet sister?  Bran studied the ledge. Bran could drop down. It was too narrow to land on, but if Bran could catch hold as Bran fell past, pull Bran up… except that might make a noise, draw hold to the window. Bran was not sure what Bran was hearing, but Bran knew it was not meant for Bran ears.  You are as blind as Robert, Lysa Arryn was saying.  If you mean I see the same thing, yes, The man said. I see a man who would sooner die than betray The man .  The man betrayed one already, or have you forgotten? Lysa Arryn said. Oh, I don't deny The man's loyal to Robert, that's obvious. What happens when Robert dies and Joff takes the throne? And the sooner that comes to pass, the safer we'll all be. My husband grows more restless every day. Having Stark beside My husband will only make My husband worse. My husband's still in love with the sister, the insipid little dead sixteen-year-old. How long till My husband decides to put me aside for some new Lyanna?  Bran was suddenly very frightened. Bran wanted nothing so much as to go back the way Bran had come, to find his brothers. Only what would Bran tell his brothers? Bran had to get closer, Bran realized. Bran had to see who was talking.  The man sighed. You should think less about the future and more about the pleasures at hand.  Stop that! Lysa Arryn said. Bran heard the sudden slap of flesh on flesh, then The man's laughter.  Bran pulled Bran up, climbed over the gargoyle, crawled out onto the roof. This was the easy way. Bran moved across the roof to the gargoyle, right above the window of the room where they were talking.  All this talk is getting very tiresome, sister, The man said. Come here and be quiet.  Bran sat astride the gargoyle, tightened Bran legs around the gargoyle, and swung Bran around, upside down. Bran hung by his legs around it and slowly stretched Bran head down toward the window. The world looked strange upside down. A courtyard swam dizzily below Bran, A courtyard swam dizzily below him stones still wet with melted snow.  Bran looked in the window.  Inside the room, a man and a woman were wrestling. a man and a woman were both naked. Bran could not tell who a man and a woman were. The man's back was to The man, and The man body screened Lysa Arryn from view as The man pushed Lysa Arryn up against a wall.  There were soft, wet sounds. Bran realized Bran were kissing. Bran watched, wide-eyed and frightened, Bran breath tight in Bran throat. Bran had a hand down between his legs around it, and Bran must have been hurting Bran there, because Lysa Arryn started to moan, low in his throat. Stop it, Bran said, stop it, stop it. Oh, please… But Bran voice was low and weak, and Bran did not push Bran away. Bran hands buried themselves in Bran hair, his hair, and pulled Bran face down to Bran breast.  Bran saw his face. Bran eyes were closed and Bran mouth was open, moaning. his hair swung from side to side as Bran head moved back and forth, but still his hair recognized the queen.  his hair must have made a noise. Suddenly Her eyes opened, and Bran was staring right at his hair. Bran screamed.  Everything happened at once then. ‘ Lysa Arryn pushed Bran away wildly, shouting and pointing. Bran tried to pull Bran up, bending double as Bran reached for the gargoyle. Bran was in too much of a hurry. Bran hand scraped uselessly across smooth stone, and in Bran panic his legs around it slipped, and suddenly Bran was failing. There was an instant of vertigo, a sickening lurch as the window flashed past. Bran shot out a hand, grabbed for the ledge, lost a hand, caught a hand again with His hand. Bran swung against the building, hard. The impact took the breath out of Bran. Bran dangled, one-handed, panting.  Faces appeared in the window above Bran.  the queen. And now Bran recognized Bran beside the queen. Bran looked as much alike as reflections in a mirror.  Bran saw us, Lysa Arryn said shrilly.  So Bran did, Bran said.  Bran's fingers started to slip. Bran grabbed the ledge with His hand. Fingernails dug into unyielding stone. Bran reached down. Take His hand, Bran said. Before you fall.  Bran seized Bran arm and held on tight with all Bran strength. Bran yanked Bran up to the ledge. What are you doing? Lysa Arryn demanded.  Bran ignored Lysa Arryn. Bran was very strong. Bran stood Bran up on the sill. How old are you, boy?  Seven, Bran said, shaking with relief. Bran's fingers had dug deep gouges in Bran's forearm. Bran let go sheepishly.  Bran looked over at Lysa Arryn. The things I do for love, Bran said with loathing. Bran gave Bran a shove.  Screaming, Bran went backward out the window into empty air. There was nothing to grab on to. The courtyard rushed up to meet Bran.  Somewhere off in the distance, a wolf was howling. Crows circled the broken tower, waiting for corn.    